Storey County, NV — Board of Commissioners
Meeting date: 2025-12-02
Document: Agenda (12/02/2025 Storey County Board of County Commissioners Meeting Agenda and Packet)
Source: https://storeycounty.org/AgendaCenter/ViewFile/Agenda/_12022025-1358

A-1
STOREY COUNTY BOARD OF COUNTY
COMMISSIONERS MEETING
12/02/2025 10:00 AM
STOREY COUNTY COURTHOUSE
26 SOUTH B STREET, VIRGINIA CITY, NEVADA
AGENDA
This meeting will be held in person and the public is welcome to attend.
Members of the public who wish to watch the meeting remotely may do so by accessing the Storey
County Clerk’s new YouTube channel. To access the Channel and the Live Stream:
1. Open your browser and go to www.youtube.com/@storeycountyclerk
2. Click on the Storey County seal when it has the LIVE display, or click on the video picture
for the meeting in the playlist under the county seal with the LIVE display on the graphic.
-Public comment may be made by in-person appearance only. -
For additional information or supporting documents please contact the
Storey County Clerk’s Office at 775-847-0969.
JAY CARMONA ANNE LANGER
CHAIRMAN DISTRICT ATTORNEY
CLAY MITCHELL
VICE-CHAIRMAN
DONALD GILMAN JIM HINDLE
COMMISSIONER CLERK-TREASURER
_________________________________________________________________________________________
Members of the Board of County Commissioners also serve as the Board of Fire Commissioners for
the Storey County Fire Protection District, Storey County Health Board, Storey County Brothel
License Board, Storey County Water and Sewer System Board, Storey County Highway Board and
the Storey County Liquor and Licensing Board and during this meeting may convene as any of
those boards as indicated on this or a separately posted agenda. All matters listed under the
consent agenda are considered routine and may be acted upon by the Board of County
Commissioners with one action, and without an extensive hearing. Any member of the Board or
any citizen may request that an item be taken from the consent agenda, discussed, and acted upon
separately during this meeting. Pursuant to NRS 241.020 (2)(d)(6) Items on the agenda may be
taken out of order, the public body may combine two or more agenda items for consideration, and
the public body may remove an item from the agenda or delay discussion relating to an item on the
agenda at any time.
A-2
The Commission Chair reserves the right to limit the time allotted for each individual to speak.
Public comment is limited to three minutes per individual.
All items include discussion and possible action to approve, modify, deny, or continue unless
marked otherwise.
1. CALL TO ORDER REGULAR MEETING AT 10:00 A.M.
2. CONVENE AS THE STOREY COUNTY BOARD OF COUNTY COMMISSIONERS
3. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE
4. PUBLIC COMMENT (No Action) Public comment is welcomed at the beginning and end of
each meeting. These comments should be limited to matters not already on today’s calendar
agenda. Public comment is again welcomed after each item on the agenda, & those comments
should be limited to the agendized topic. Public comment is limited to 3 minutes per
individual.
5. DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION:
Consideration and possible approval of the agenda for the December 2, 2025,
meeting.
6. DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION:
Consideration and possible approval of the minutes from the October 21, 2025,
meeting.
7. DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION:
Consideration and possible approval of the minutes from the November 4, 2025,
meeting.
8. CONSENT AGENDA FOR POSSIBLE ACTION:
I For possible action, approval of business license first readings:
A. A & J Quality Home Services – Contractor / 70 Hercules Dr. ~
Sparks, NV
B. Ahern Fire Protection – Contractor / 855 Morris St. ~ Fond Du Lac, WI
C. Brothers Built LLC – Contractor / 2367 Baker Dr. ~ Carson City, NV
D. CrossCountry Freight Solutions Inc. – General / 650 Denmark Dr. ~
McCarran, NV
E. Intermountain Infrastructure Group, LLC – Out of County /
533 Airport Blvd Ste. 400 ~ Burlingame, CA
F. MEI Industrial Solutions – General / 127 Broadalbin St. ~
SW Albany, OR
G. Most Wanted Drilling, LLC – Contractor / 1516 W. Stone Field Way #2 ~
Pleasant View, UT
H. New Era Roofing Inc. – Contractor / 2075 Buckey Way ~ Sparks, NV
A-3
I. Wester Site Services LLC – Out of County / 52 Affonso Dr. ~
Carson City, NV
II Approval of claims for the amount of $22,601,880.13.
9. DISCUSSION ONLY (No Action - No Public Comment): Committee/Staff Reports
10. BOARD COMMENT (No Action - No Public Comment)
11. 10:30 A.M. PUBLIC HEARING:
Public Hearing for the Second Reading of Bill 145, Ordinance 25-333, an
ordinance amending Section 17.35.030 of Title 17 of the Storey County Code to
allow Billboards in the I2 Heavy Industrial zone with a special use permit and
to clarify and amend language in 17.84 Signs and Billboards related to location,
zoning districts and billboard size standards in Chapter 17.84 Signs and
Billboards, Sections 17.84.100, and 17.84.140.
12. DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION:
Consideration and possible approval of Second Reading of Bill 145, Ordinance
25-333, An ordinance amending Section 17.35.030 of Title 17 of the Storey
County Code to allow Billboards in the I2 Heavy Industrial zone with a special
use permit and to clarify and amend language in 17.84 Signs and Billboards
related to location, zoning districts and billboard size standards in Chapter
17.84 Signs and Billboards, Sections 17.84.100, and 17.84.140.
13. 10:30 A.M. PUBLIC HEARING:
Public Hearing for the Second Reading of Bill No. 146, Ordinance No. 25-334, an
ordinance amending Storey County Code chapter 15.04 Buildings and
Construction, to adopt the 2024 International Codes for Building, Residential,
Existing Building, Energy Conservation, Fuel Gas, Mechanical, the 2024
Uniform Codes for Mechanical and Plumbing, and the 2023 National Electric
Code, the 2024 International Fire Code, the 2024 International Wildland Urban
Interface Code, the 2023 National Fire Protection Association Standards (NFPA),
Storey County Fire Code Amendments to the 2024 International Fire Code and
the 2024 Northern Nevada Amendments, and providing for other properly
related matters, further amending the 2024 Northern Nevada Code
Amendments page 15, Storey County columns for risk category I & II.
A-4
14. DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION:
Discussion and consideration for Second Reading of Bill No. 146, Ordinance No.
25-334, an ordinance amending Storey County Code chapter 15.04 Buildings
and Construction, to adopt the 2024 International Codes for Building,
Residential, Existing Building, Energy Conservation, Fuel Gas, Mechanical, the
2024 Uniform Codes for Mechanical and Plumbing, and the 2023 National
Electric Code, the 2024 International Fire Code, the 2024 International Wildland
Urban Interface Code, the 2023 National Fire Protection Association Standards
(NFPA), Storey County Fire Code Amendments to the 2024 International Fire
Code and the 2024 Northern Nevada Amendments, and providing for other
properly related matters, further amending the 2024 Northern Nevada Code
Amendments page 15, Storey County columns for risk category I & II.
15. RECESS TO CONVENE AS THE STOREY COUNTY HIGHWAY BOARD
16. 10:30 A.M. PUBLIC HEARING:
Public Hearing on proposed Resolutions 25-806, 25-807, 25-808, as described:
RESOLUTION 25-806
A RESOLUTION ESTABLISHING A MINOR COUNTY PUBLIC ROAD
IDENTIFIED AS COUNTY ROAD NUMBER 910240, UNNAMED, PURSUANT
TO NEVADA REVISED STATUTES 403.170 and 405.191. It is proposed that the
road be identified as a minor county road.
RESOLUTION 25-807
A RESOLUTION ESTABLISHING A MINOR COUNTY PUBLIC ROAD
IDENTIFIED AS COUNTY ROAD NUMBER 910245, UNNAMED, PURSUANT
TO NEVADA REVISED STATUTES 403.170 and 405.191. It is proposed that the
road be identified as a minor county road.
RESOLUTION 25-808
A RESOLUTION ESTABLISHING A MINOR COUNTY PUBLIC ROAD
IDENTIFIED AS COUNTY ROAD NUMBER 911130, UNNAMED, PURSUANT
TO NEVADA REVISED STATUTES 403.170 and 405.191. It is proposed that the
road be identified as a minor county road.
The effect of identifying the road as a minor county road is to identify it as a
public road, available for public use but not maintained by Storey County. It
must be used by the public at its own risk.
See Storey County website to view the packet.
Storeycounty.org/Planning/Planning Updates then scroll to RS2477 packet
information for this item.
A-5
17. DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION:
Consideration and possible approval of Resolution 25-806 proposes the
identification of Storey County Road Number 910240, commonly known as
Unnamed, Total Road Segment Length (in Horizontal Distance): 8,613’ (1.63
miles), Overall Average Disturbed Width: Approximately fourteen (14) feet. It
is proposed that the road be identified as a minor county road. The effect of
identifying the road as a minor county road is to identify it as a public road,
available for public use but not maintained by Storey County. It must be used
by motorists at their own risk.
18. DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION:
Consideration and Possible approval of Resolution 25-807 proposes the
identification of Storey County Road 910245, commonly known as Unnamed,
Total Road Segment Length (in Horizontal Distance): 2,969’ (0.56 miles), Overall
Average Disturbed Width: Approximately sixteen (16) feet. It is proposed that
the road be identified as a minor county road. The effect of identifying the road
as a minor county road is to identify it as a public road, available for public use
but not maintained by Storey County. It must be used by motorists at their own
risk.
19. DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION:
Consideration and possible approval of Resolution 25-808 proposes the
identification of Storey County Road Number 911130, commonly known as
Unnamed, Total Road Segment Length (in Horizontal Distance): 2,686’ (0.51
miles), Overall Average Disturbed Width: Approximately twelve (12) feet. It is
proposed that the road be identified as a minor county road. The effect of
identifying the road as a minor county road is to identify it as a public road,
available for public use but not maintained by Storey County. It must be used
by motorists at their own risk.
20. DISCUSSION ONLY:
Report of Public Works Department regarding roads and highways throughout
Storey County.
21. RECESS TO RECONVENE AS THE STOREY COUNTY BOARD OF COUNTY
COMMISSIONERS
22. DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION:
Consideration and possible approval for Special Use Permit (File 2025-058). The
Applicant requests a Special Use Permit to construct an approximate 60-foot-
high billboard on land zoned I2 Heavy Industrial.
A-6
The proposed billboard will be a 2-sided billboard, with approximately 1,200
square feet in area on each side. The billboard will be located adjacent to
Interstate 80, McCarran, Storey County, Nevada, Assessor’s Parcel Number
(APN) 004-101-02.
23. DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION:
Discussion and possible consideration directing staff to research and consult
with Comstock Historic District Commission and its officials to develop
findings and recommendations for future board consideration regarding
potential interlocal agreements or other mutually beneficial tools that may fulfill
the responsibilities, needs, and administration of the Comstock Historic District
Commission and the county.
24. DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION:
Discussion and a general brief of the 2025 Special Session of the Nevada
Legislature.
25. DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION:
Presentation, discussion, and consideration directing staff regarding updates to
the Storey County Strategic Plan for Fiscal Years 2025-2027. This is an ongoing
strategic plan discussion.
26. DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION:
For Consideration and possible approval of business license second readings:
A. CCC Group, Inc. – Contractor / 5797 Dietrich ~ San Antonio, TX
B. KAL Painting LLC – Contractor / 350 Lemmon Dr. ~ Reno, NV
C. NETZSCH Premier Technologies LLC – Out of County /
119 Pickering Way ~ Exton, PA
D. Nevada Tower LLC – Contractor / 686 Canary Cir. ~ Fernley, NV
E. Ophir Creek, LLC – Out of County / 504 Marry St. ~ Carson City, NV
F. Pillulles Tacos Los Famosos - Food Truck / 7690 Halifax ~ Reno, NV
G. RPV Advanced Painting – Contractor / 2710 Trail Rider Dr. ~ Reno, NV
H. Southern Welding, LLC – Contractor / 219 S William Dillard Dr. Ste. 143
~ Gilbert, AZ
I. StoweKnows LLC – Contractor / 2570 Hummingbird Hill Ave. ~
Henderson, NV
J. Tacos Hermanos – Food Truck / 811 Sauvignon Dr. ~ Reno, NV
K. Terralink Communications Inc. – Contractor / 10487 Rue D Flore ~
Reno, NV
L. US Ghost Adventures LLC – Out of County / 640 Governor Nicholls St.
~ New Orleans, LA
M. VCMS Boosters – Home Based / 110 N. K ~ Virginia City, NV
A-7
27. PUBLIC COMMENT (No Action) Public comment is welcomed at the beginning and end of
each meeting. These comments should be limited to matters not already on today’s calendar
agenda. Public comment is again welcomed after each item on the agenda, & those comments
should be limited to the agendized topic. Public comment is limited to 3 minutes per
individual.
28. ADJOURNMENT OF ALL ACTIVE AND RECESSED BOARDS ON THE AGENDA
NOTICE:
• Anyone interested may request personal notice of the meetings.
• Agenda items must be received in writing by 12:00 noon on the Monday of the week preceding
the regular meeting. For information call (775) 847-0969.
• Items may not necessarily be heard in the order that they appear.
• PUBLIC COMMENT (No Action): Public comment is welcomed at the beginning and end of
each meeting. These comments should be limited to matters not already on today’s calendar
agenda. Public comment is again welcomed after each item on the agenda, & those comments
should be limited to the agendized topic. Public comment is limited to 3 minutes per
individual.
• Storey County recognizes the needs and civil rights of all persons regardless of race, color,
religion, gender, disability, family status, or nation origin.
• In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil
rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, and employees, and
institutions participating in or administering USDA programs are prohibited from
discriminating based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including
gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status,
income derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for
prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA (not all
bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing deadlines vary by program or
incident.
• Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact
the responsible Agency or USDA’s TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or
contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program
information may be made available in languages other than English.
• To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program Discrimination
Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or write a
letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the information requested in the form.
To request a copy of the complaint form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or
letter to USDA by:
(1) mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights
1400 Independence Avenue, SW
Washington, D.C. 20250-9410.
(2) fax: (202) 690-7442; or
A-8
(3) email: program.intake@usda.gov.
USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.
Notice to persons with disabilities: Members of the public who are disabled and require special
assistance or accommodations at the meeting are requested to notify the Commissioners’ Office in
writing at PO Box 176, Virginia City, Nevada 89440.
CERTIFICATION OF POSTING
I, Drema Smith, Administrative Assistant to Storey County, do hereby certify that I posted, or caused
to be posted, a copy of this agenda at the following locations on or before 11/25/2025; Storey County
Courthouse located at 26 S B St, Virginia City, NV, the Virginia City Fire Department located at 145 N
C St, Virginia City, NV, the Virginia City Highlands Fire Department located a 2610 Cartwright Rd,
VC Highlands, NV and Lockwood Fire Department located at 431 Canyon Way, Lockwood, NV.
This agenda was also posted to the Nevada State website at https://notice.nv.gov/ and to the Storey
County website at: https://www.storeycounty.org/agendacenter
By ______________________________________
Drema Smith
Administrative Assistant III
1
Board of Storey County Commissioners
Agenda Action Report
Meeting date: 12/2/2025 10:00 AM - Estimate of Time Required: 1 min
BOCC Meeting
Agenda Item Type: Discussion/Possible Action
• Title: Consideration and possible approval of the agenda for the December 2, 2025,
meeting.
• Recommended motion: Approve or amend as necessary.
• Prepared by: Drema S Smith
Department: Commissioners Contact Number: 7758470968
• Staff Summary: See attached.
• Supporting Materials: No Attachments
• Fiscal Impact:
• Legal review required: False
• Reviewed by:
____ Department Head Department Name:
____ County Manager Other Agency Review:
• Board Action:
[ ] Approved [ ] Approved with Modification
[ ] Denied [ ] Continued
5
2
Board of Storey County Commissioners
Agenda Action Report
Meeting date: 12/2/2025 10:00 AM - Estimate of Time Required: 5 minutes
BOCC Meeting
Agenda Item Type: Discussion/Possible Action
• Title: Consideration and possible approval of the minutes from the October 21, 2025,
meeting.
• Recommended motion: Approve or amend as necessary.
• Prepared by: Jim Hindle
Department: Clerk & Treasurer Contact Number: 7758470969
• Staff Summary: See attached.
• Supporting Materials: See Attachments
• Fiscal Impact:
• Legal review required: False
• Reviewed by:
____ Department Head Department Name:
____ County Manager Other Agency Review:
• Board Action:
[ ] Approved [ ] Approved with Modification
[ ] Denied [ ] Continued
6
3
STOREY COUNTY BOARD OF COUNTY
COMMISSIONERS MEETING
10/21/2025 10:00 AM
26 SOUTH B STREET, VIRGINIA CITY, NV
MEETING MINUTES
JAY CARMONA CLAY MITCHELL DONALD GILMAN
CHAIRMAN VICE-CHAIRMAN COMMISSIONER
ANNE LANGER JIM HINDLE
DISTRICT ATTORNEY CLERK & TREASURER
Roll Call
Commissioners Carmona, Gilman, and Mitchell present – quorum established.
Total Attendance: 61
1.CALL TO ORDER REGULAR MEETING AT 10:00 A.M.
Commission Chairman Jay Carmona called the meeting to order at 10:04 a.m.
2.CONVENE AS THE STOREY COUNTY BOARD OF COUNTY COMMISSIONERS
3.PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE
4.PUBLIC COMMENT (No Action): Will Adler of Silver State Government Relations said
there are a few issues federally that may affect the county. Greenlink is under review, and the
project could be stalled. Data centers are concerned about this. The state official he spoke with
is on top of the issue, and suggested regional players give input on the impact of the project.
5.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval of the
agenda for the October 21, 2025, meeting.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve today’s agenda as presented. Seconded
by: Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
4
6.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval of the
minutes from the September 16, 2025, meeting.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve the minutes from our Sept. 16, 2025,
meeting as presented. Seconded by: Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
7.CONSENT AGENDA FOR POSSIBLE ACTION:
I. For possible action, approval of business license first readings:
A.Buzzsaw Construction Services LLC – Contractor / 575 Queen Way ~ Sparks, NV
B.Doggy Style Korean Corndogs – Food Truck / 860 Wyoming Ave. ~ Reno, NV
C.Durr Systems, Inc. – Out of County / 26801 Northwestern Highway ~ Southfield, MI
D.EC Electric – Contractor / 2121 NW Thurman St. ~ Portland, OR
E.EMD Millipore Corporation – Out of County / 400 Summit Dr. ~ Burlington, MA
F.Goodfellow Bros. LLC – Contractor / 135 N. Wenatchee Ave. ~ Wenatchee, WA
G. J.E. Dunn Construction Company – Contractor / 1001 Locust St. ~ Kansas City, MO
H.J N L Custom Home LLC – Contractor / 9571 Autumn Leaf Way ~ Reno, NV
I. Juniper Ridge Mobile Bar Co. – Home Based / 40 S. P St. ~ Virginia City, NV J.
J Wu Plumbing & Mechanical LLC – Contractor / 5475 Weatherby Ct. ~ Reno, NV
K.Michael Sammler Roofing, Inc. – Contractor / 3221 Jarbidge Way ~ Sparks, NV
L.North Sky Communications, LLC – Contractor / 16701 SE McGillivray Blvd. Ste. 200 ~
Vancouver, WA
M.Paul Davis Restoration of Las Vegas – Contractor / 2651 Crimson Canyon Dr. Ste 190 ~
Las Vegas, NV
N.Platt – General / 2777 USA Parkway Ste . 107 ~ McCarran, NV
O.SHI International Corp. – Out of County / 290 Davidson Ave. ~ Somerset, NJ
P.Siding Innovations Inc. – Contractor / 11566 Eagle Peak Dr. ~ Sparks, NV
Q.Skip Forward LLC – Home Based / 2141 Lousetown Rd. ~ Reno, NV
R.Spite House Picture Gallery & Framing – General / 55 N. C St. ~ Virginia City, NV
S.UES Professional Solutions 30, LLC – Out of County / 6995 Sierra Center Parkway ~ Reno, NV
T.Vision Sign, Inc. – Contractor / 6630 Arroyo Springs Ct. #600 ~ Las Vegas, NV
II.Justice Court Quarterly Report.
III.Corrections for late return of Exemption renewals for parcels 3-523-04 Russe and 3-012-
08 Boyd.
IV.Correction to Business Personal Property account DC000074 Coreweave, being a
reduction of taxes in the amount of $2,180,857.11 due to duplicate billing with Dell
Equipment Funding.
5
V.Correction to Business Personal Property account CM000283 Subway, being a reduction
in the amount of $772.62. Subway did not submit a declaration and an estimate was
applied. They have now submitted a correct declaration which resulted in a reduction of
taxes.
VI.Correction to parcel 3-022-70 Wright resulting in a reduction of $50.91 to the tax bill. A
shed that was under the minimum square footage for taxation was accidentally added to
the tax roll during reappraisal.
VII.Correction to parcel 3-351-10 Swanson, being a reduction of $1,124.31 to the tax bill.
The residence is only 56% complete and the 2025-26 tax bill was 100% complete.
VIII.Correction to parcel 1-312-15 resulting in a reduction of $232.94 to tax bill due to
incorrect square footage of a new residence.
IX.Correction to parcels 5-012-61 & 62 Redwood Materials. These parcels did not receive
the 75% abatement resulting in corrections to reduce the tax bills in the amounts of
$573,312.92 (61) & $67,693.49 (62).
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve today’s Consent agenda as presented.
Seconded by: Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
8.DISCUSSION ONLY (No Action - No Public Comment): Committee/Staff Reports
Fire District
• Chief Bob Ryser said the District will note the Great Fire of 1875 during an event in the
Delta Parking Lot on Sunday, Oct. 26, 2025. Joe Curtis will discuss the impact of the fire
on the economy and the town.
Public Works
• Director Jason Wierzbicki. said his department was keeping an eye on the storm coming
in, and that he was a few staffers down.
Administrative Officer
• Lisa Maciel said the Chamber of Commerce Main Street program is holding a movie
night at Miner’s Park this Thursday.
• She said she was working on accessibility for documents on the web site.
• A speed bump survey garnered 230 responses, with residents concerned about damage to
vehicles, impact on first responder time and aesthetics. Residents wanted more stop signs,
and enforcement over speed bumps.
6
Emergency Management
• Director Adam Wilson said atmospheric storms are forecasted to impact the Comstock.
Pay attention to weather reports.
• We will support Carson City at the Nevada Day parade at the operations center and will
bring barriers and other equipment.
• A town hall meeting on emergency evacuations will be held Nov 13 at the Lockwood
Community Center. The evacuation exercise is scheduled for Dec. 13.
• Staff will be in Lyon County at the Dayton Community Center for their flood awareness
program.
• National Emergency Management Association is working with the Federal Emergency
Management agency. There are a lowering of grants and more shifts to local
responsibility. He said Storey County will see little impact.
• There was another local Emergency Management meeting that included all the county
Emergency Management agencies in the state. Others have had difficulty working with
school districts, and Storey has become the model for that across the state.
VCTC
• Tourism Director Todd Tuttle said we tried to bring back Redrun and had strong turnout
for it. It drew about 600, and the event went smoothly.
• The Spirits Made Me Do It Pub Crawl is this Saturday.
• The Halloween parade is on the 31st and begins at the Virginia City Jerky Company. It
will be judged there, then the parade, followed by trick-or-treating.
Comptroller
• Comptroller Jennifer McCain said the audit is on track to be completed on time. Then we
go to budget season.
• Staff were at PoolPact leadership conference, and we share ideas to streamline things.
People talked about how they don’t get along, and it was nice to sit there and realize we
don’t have a lot of those problems.
Community Services
• Director Stacy York said the flu shot clinics are complete, and they saw a decrease in
participants.
• Next Wednesday, from 3-6 p.m., is the grand opening of the Lockwood Community
Center.
County Manager
• County Manager Austin Osborne said the school district sends kids to the Courthouse to
do trick-or-treating. We also have dump vouchers available.
9.BOARD COMMENT (No Action - No Public Comment)
7
• Commissioner Mitchell suggested a future agenda item regarding the importance of the
Greenlink project.
• Commissioner Carmona Jay noted the passing of Joanne Dick of Storey County.
10.DISCUSSION ONLY: Presentation from National Honor Society students, Luke Branson
and Derek McCoy, on their individual project to put a rock "L" in Lockwood above the new
senior community center.
Ms. York introduced Luke Branson and Derek McCoy, on their individual project to put a
rock "L" in Lockwood above the new senior community center. The pair explained they
sought to put the “L” on the hill like the “V” on Mt. Davidson for Virginia City. They say it
will bring the community together and are brainstorming fundraising ideas to pay for paint.
They are hoping to complete the project by spring or summer.
Public Comment: None
11.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Discussion and consideration for approval of
the process, duration, and timeline for the recruitment of a qualified candidate to be presented
to the Board of Storey County Commissioners for consideration of appointment filling a
vacancy of the Storey County Justice of the Peace.
Commissioner Carmona recused himself due to a pecuniary interest.
County Manager Austin Osborne said that following direction from the board on Sept. 2,
2025, staff took the following steps:
• A committee was created to recruit and search for a temporary justice of the peace.
• That committee has no county commissioner on it. Included are the County Manager,
the Human Resources Director, the Comptroller, the Public Defender, two judges,
working with District Attorney Anne Langer.
• To develop a recruitment strategy, vet applicants, check qualifications, interview
candidates and bring one to the board for consideration.
• The duration should last 15 days from start to finish.
Mr. Osborne said that after Judge Herrington’s retirement she will become a senior judge and
would fulfill all duties of that office until a replacement is found. He reminded the board that
the filing period for election to Justice of the Peace is Jan. 5-16, 2026. He suggested having
the process end before the end of the year.
Commissioner Gilman noted the county was not in an emergency and Judge Herrington can
do everything she did before. Placing someone in a position of power was put in place in an
emergency. I don’t feel like this is an emergency. We need to let this ride itself out and let
people come forward and let the people choose who is in that seat.
8
District Attorney Anne Langer said the position of senior judge, as Judge Herrington’s
retirement will begin Oct. 31, and the next day she will be sworn in as senior judge by Judge
Maddox. Ms. Langer said the state requires the position be filled in a reasonable time, which
is fluid.
Deputy District Attorney Brian Brown said the law requires the commission to appoint a
replacement, but the process is left blank. He suggested weighing all factors to allow the
election process to go forward.
Commissioner Gilman said since 1 commissioner indicated a desire to run for that state, and
if he were elected, that would leave the state to place someone on the Board of
Commissioners, and he didn’t think the public would want that.
Commissioner Mitchell admitted that it was awkward for the board to take an action, and he
didn’t want the appearance the board was putting a thumb on the scale, but there is a
responsibility we have to fill that position. We should act, and the state would have to
approve.
Commissioner Mitchell said he did not feel the need to act immediately, but getting closer to
the election, we are giving someone incumbency. He wanted to go through the process prior
to the filing period. He said they could not appoint anyone until after the general election, but
that would make him feel as if he is not doing his job. He suggested moving forward with the
open vetting process.
Commissioner Gilman was concerned that the board is not allowing a democratic process on
who the public wants as commissioner should a commissioner be appointed. He doesn’t want
to set someone up in that place as it is not an emergency. His preference is to wait until after
the election.
Public Comment: Bob Hastings said he had the same experience in Lyon County. The
governor picked Ray Fierro, but he was not one of the top 3 candidates. To not have someone
in that spot will create more issues than the potential on the other side.
Mr. Brown said it would be appropriate to have a motion made, if it is passed or not. Make a
motion that you direct staff to start the process immediately but delay bringing anyone to the
board. Having a motion will be the clearest avenue of what was heard at the meeting. If
nothing passes, nothing moves forward. He then described different motion scenarios.
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to start the process of filling the vacancy of Justice
of the Peace starting Nov. 1, with a 15-day duration seeking input or letters of interest to
close after 15 days, then the results of the committee discussion on this item to be presented
in a reasonable timeframe to the County Commission for possible action. Seconded by:
None. Vote: Motion dies.
9
12.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval for a
Storey County, Nevada Proclamation to recognize the month of October 2025, as Community
Planning Month, in conjunction with the celebration of National Community Planning
Month.
Planning Manager Kathy Canfield said this was to adopt October as Community Planning
Month. Anne Marie Lane, vice president of the American Planners Association, was
introduced by Ms. Canfield. Ms. Canfield highlighted that this is also the month of the NV
APA conference.
Ms. Lane, vice-president of the APA asked the board to approve the proclamation to draw
attention to the vital role that planners play in shaping communities across Nevada.
Ms. Canfield read the proclamation.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve the month of October 2025, to be
designated as Community Planning Month in Storey County, State of Nevada, in conjunction
with the celebration of National Community Planning Month. Seconded by: Donald Gilman.
Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
13.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval of Grant
of Easement File No. 2025-059 to NVEnergy for communication and electric facilities within
Storey County APN 004-171-24, located at 8665 USA Pkwy, McCarran, Storey County,
Nevada.
Ms. Canfield said this is a request by NVEnergy for an easement located near the county line
and has a public utilities tower.
Public Comment: None
Motion: In accordance with the recommendation by staff, I, Commissioner Mitchell, move
to approve a Grant of Easement (2025-059) to NV Energy for communication and electric
facilities within 004-171-24, located at 8665 USA Pkwy, McCarran, Storey County, Nevada.
Seconded by: Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
14.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval of
Resolution No. 25-802, a resolution establishing the grade and salary ranges for appointed
Storey County officials for the 2025–2026 fiscal year, as fixed by ordinance or resolution
pursuant to NRS 245.045. This resolution supersedes all prior resolutions related to
10
appointed employee compensation and includes proposed pay adjustments for the
Government Affairs Director.
Human Resources Director Brandie Lopez said this resolution updates Storey County’s grade
and salary schedule for appointed officials and employees to align with current operational
needs and ensure accurate position classifications. It will set the salary of the Government
Affairs Director to comply with Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) requirements for exempt
employees maintaining internal alignment with compensation for other elected officials in the
County.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve Resolution No. 25-802, a resolution
establishing the grade and salary ranges for appointed Storey County officials for the 2025–
2026 fiscal year, as fixed by ordinance or resolution pursuant to NRS 245.045. This
resolution supersedes all prior resolutions related to appointed employee compensation and
includes proposed pay adjustments for the Government Affairs Director. Seconded by:
Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
15.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval of
Resolution No. 25-803, a resolution establishing the grade and salary ranges for appointed
Storey County officials for the 2025–2026 fiscal year, as fixed by ordinance or resolution
pursuant to NRS 245.045. This resolution supersedes all prior resolutions related to
appointed employee compensation and includes proposed pay adjustments for the Justice of
the Peace.
Commissioner Carmona recused himself due to a pecuniary interest.
Ms. Lopez said this resolution updates Storey County’s grade and salary schedule for
appointed officials and employees to align with current operational needs and ensure accurate
position classifications. The proposed adjustments include setting the salary of the Justice of
the Peace to maintain internal alignment with compensation for other elected officials in the
County.
Ms. Lopez said the for the Justice of the Peace, the board enacted changes for elected
officials. The Government Affairs Director is included with the exempt employees.
County Manager Osborne said the salary for the Justice of the Peace was only being adjusted
by about $400.
Public Comment: None
11
Motion: I, Commissioner Gilman, move to approve Resolution No. 25-803, a resolution
establishing the grade and salary ranges for appointed Storey County officials for the 2025–
2026 fiscal year, as fixed by ordinance or resolution pursuant to NRS 245.045. This
resolution supersedes all prior resolutions related to appointed employee compensation and
includes proposed pay adjustments for the Justice of the Peace. Seconded by: Clay Mitchell
Vote: Motion passed 2-0.
16.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval to award
Virginia City residents $2,750 in community project funding for fiscal year 2025–2026 to
purchase supplies that will assist with debris removal efforts throughout Virginia City. The
remaining $7,250 in available funding will be used to purchase and install bicycle racks on
County-owned property within the Virginia City and Gold Hill area.
Business Development Officer said the Community Project Funding Committee received two
applications for the Virginia City/Gold Hill areas. The committee recommended awarding
$2,750 to purchase supplies that will support routine, non-sponsored community clean-up
efforts in Virginia City, and the remaining $7,250 to purchase and install bicycle racks on
County-owned property within Virginia City and the Gold Hill area.
Commissioner Mitchell said the bike racks needed to be historically accurate. Ms. Mather
said the project would have to be approved by the State Historic Preservation Office.
Public Comment: Lisa Maciel submitted the application for the bicycle racks. She said the
racks would not be anchored to accommodate snow removal. She also said this was to ensure
E-bikes, scooters and other items with lithium-ion batteries would not be parked near
buildings due to the fire hazard.
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to award the Virginia City residents $2,750 in
community project funding for fiscal year 2025–2026 to purchase supplies that will assist
with debris removal efforts throughout Virginia City. The remaining $7,250 in available
funding will be used to purchase and install bicycle racks on County-owned property within
the Virginia City and Gold Hill area. Seconded by: Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion passed
unanimously.
17.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Discussion and possible direction to county
staff to review and propose for future board consideration possible code amendments, and fee
amendments, or reductions related to Storey County Code Chapter 6.04 Dogs.
Ms. Mather said the intent was to lower fees, but she also saw dead language. Changes
include:
• No charge for licensing, but a dog still must be licensed.
• The rabies vaccine requirement is in place. Rabies cannot be cured in dogs.
• They are removing the requirement for the Sheriff’s Office to destroy a dog.
12
• There would be a charge to the owner of $5 per day for impounding a dog for 5 days, and
$15 per day for impounding a dog for more than 5 days.
Commissioner Mitchell suggested that any dog not picked up be transferred to an appropriate
shelter after 30 days. He also suggested leaving the Sheriff’s Office to destroy a dog where
imminent danger is involved.
In response to a question from Commissioner Carmona, Ms. Mather said the need for dogs to
be licensed was to ensure rabies vaccine compliance, to locate dangerous dogs and lost dogs.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to direct staff to prepare a final draft of the
proposed changes to Storey County Ordinance Chapter 6.04 Dogs, as presented, and
discussed on the record, and return to the Board for approval. Seconded by: Donald Gilman.
Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
18.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval for the
payment of the county’s annual membership to Northern Nevada Development Authority,
one of the county’s two official Economic Development Authorities, in the amount of $5,000.
Ms. Mather said – The NNDA have been a great partner to Storey County. They are a
resource for statistics and contacts, and this is to renew our annual membership.
Commissioner Gilman agreed. Commissioner Mitchell suggested keeping funds in the
budget for any major NNDA need.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve the payment of the county’s annual
membership to Northern Nevada Development Authority, one of the county’s two official
Economic Development Authorities, in the amount of $5,000. Seconded by: Donald Gilman.
Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
19.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval for the
County Manager to sign and approve DOWL amendment three for the Lead Siphon Phase 1
project contract, accepting DOWL's 2025-2026 fee schedule.
Ms. Mather said one of the requirements for the Nevada Division of Environmental
Protection, whose grant partially funds this project, is to have formal approval from the board
if there are any changes in the contract. The final cost will not change. We must notify the
funder that the board formally accepts the change.
13
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve the County Manager to sign and
approve the DOWL amendment three for the Lead Siphon Phase 1 project contract, accepting
DOWL's 2025-2026 fee schedule. Seconded by: Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion passed
unanimously.
20.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval of Storey
County’s Nevada Department of Transportation specific Title VI Policy, as required to ensure
compliance with federal nondiscrimination laws under Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of
1964, to maintain eligibility for NDOT administered federal transportation funding, and to
authorize the County Manager to sign the policy on behalf of Storey County.
Ms. Mather said that because the County has received federal funding in the past, the Board
was required to approve this. NDOT said we can’t change the language in the policy, but we
are currently out of compliance due to changes in DEI regulations. NDOT, in compliance
with federal regulations, requires subrecipients of federal transportation funds to adopt a Title
VI Policy to ensure nondiscrimination in all programs, services, and activities. Title VI of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits discrimination based on race, color, or national origin.
Adopting this policy affirms the County’s commitment to these principles and ensures
compliance with NDOT and federal requirements. NDOT is still operating under President
Biden’s executive orders on DEI, but President Trump removed DEI requirements.
Commissioner Mitchell objected to racial identification of commissioners, and they have
included a requirement that we incorporate rescinded executive orders. This is NDOT’s
policy I don’t see how those policies are going to help us get federal funds. A section
involves DEI, and I suggest we continue this item to allow for communication.
Ms. Mather said that NDOT’s position is that the rescinded items would be put back, so we
must leave it in. Ms. Mather suggested that the County add a footnote for the date and order
that was rescinded.
Assistant District Attorney said that a footnote would provide some protection for the county.
The larger issue is that noncompliance with issues impacts the grant rating of Storey County.
In the overall effort to obtain federal grants, if we are deemed to be out of compliance, it
substantially negatively impacts the County in getting federal grants.
Ms. Mather said because of being out of compliance, the Gold Hill Sewer Plant grant is on
hold. Until we pass this policy, we cannot move on the grant. What we will lose in federal
funding outweighs signing this as-is, and having the footnote that is and putting the footnote
in lets NDOT know we are aware of those policies.
14
Mr. Brown said it is important for the commissioners to understand the ramifications of the
decision not to comply and not to execute the policy as written, is it could negatively impact
Storey County. He suggested the county state in a footnote and in a cover letter that indicates
the
Ms. Mather recommended the County wait to vote until the next meeting so we can meet
with the appropriate parties. She said that the grant is a couple of million dollars and we are
close to losing that funding.
Mr. Osborne recommended the board approve the plan and add a note on the cover regarding
the rescinded orders.
Mr. Brown emphasized the depth, volume and time staff had tried to deal with the state for
two years.
Public Comment: None
Commissioner Mitchell said it would be appropriate from a political position to get involved
in this. Things are very different in the Capitol. We are harming ourselves if we adopt this.
We don’t have good data and adopting this policy may get us by with NDOT, but we may
lose funding later if we go with this policy.
Commissioner Carmona asked how it impacts our future funding sources.
Ms. Mather said we are asked if we have certain policies in place. Some grants don’t pursue
compliance. It varies by the federal agencies. The county has an overreaching
nondiscrimination policy. We are only noncompliant with this grant.
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to continue this item to our next regularly
scheduled meeting on Nov. 4 here at the courthouse. Seconded by: Donald Gilman. Vote:
Motion passed unanimously.
21.RECESS TO CONVENE AS THE STOREY COUNTY HIGHWAY BOARD
22.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval of
Resolution 25-799 propose the identification of Storey County Road Number 910345,
commonly known as Seven Mile Canyon Rd, Total Road Segment Length (in Horizontal
Distance): 10,389’ (1.97 miles), Overall Average Disturbed Width: Approximately fourteen
(14)feet. It is proposed that the road be identified as a minor county road. The effect of
identifying the road as a minor county road is to identify it as a public road, available for
public use but not maintained by Storey County. It must be used by motorists at their own
risk.
15
Planner Jessica Prager said this item is continued from Oct 7 hearing. The road is one of our
2477 roads in the program, north of Six Mile Canyon and east of Virginia City. It is in two
sections.
Public Comment: None
Motion: In accordance with the recommendation by staff, I, Commissioner Mitchell, move
to adopt Resolution 25-799, that proposes the identification of Storey County Road Number
910345, commonly known as Seven Mile Canyon Rd, Total Road Segment Length (in
Horizontal Distance): 10,389’ (1.97 miles), Overall Average Disturbed Width: Approximately
fourteen (14) feet. It is proposed that the road be identified as a minor county road. The effect
of identifying the road as a minor county road is to identify it as a public road, available for
public use but not maintained by Storey County. It must be used by motorists at their own
risk. Seconded by: Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
23.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval of
Resolution 25-800 propose the identification of Storey County Road Number 911010,
commonly known as Unnamed, Total Road Segment Length (in Horizontal Distance): 2,960’
(0.56 miles), Overall Average Disturbed Width: Approximately twelve (12) feet. It is
proposed that the road be identified as a minor county road. The effect of identifying the road
as a minor county road is to identify it as a public road, available for public use but not
maintained by Storey County. It must be used by motorists at their own risk.
Ms. Prager said this was continued from the Oct. 7, 2025, meeting. This road is unnamed and
located southwest of Virginia City near Crown Point.
Public Comment: None
Motion: In accordance with the recommendation by staff, I, Commissioner Mitchell, move
to adopt Resolution 25-800 that proposes the identification of Storey County Road Number
911010, commonly known as Unnamed, Total Road Segment Length (in Horizontal
Distance): 2,960’ (0.56 miles), Overall Average Disturbed Width: Approximately twelve (12)
feet, as a minor county road. The effect of identifying the road as a minor county road is to
identify it as a public road, available for public use but not maintained by Storey County. It
must be used by motorists at their own risk. Seconded by: Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion
passed unanimously.
24.RECESS TO CONVENE AS THE STOREY COUNTY WATER AND SEWER BOARD
25.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Possible selection of USG Water as the
qualified company of the Request for Qualifications for the Water Tank Maintenance
Contract and to authorize staff to enter into negotiations with USG Water for scope and fee
16
for both yearly maintenance and periodic rehabilitation work on Storey County’s water
storage tanks.
Operations and Projects Coordinator Mike Northan said staff requested statements of
qualifications and cost estimates for a ten-year renewable contract for maintenance and
rehabilitation of Storey County’s water storage tanks. The request required work plans,
demonstration of familiarity with our system and certain certifications, along with cost
estimates to be spread over a five-year period for tank rehabilitations and over ten years for
yearly ongoing maintenance at each tank. As this is an RFQ, staff’s initial review was limited
to the statements of qualifications, experience, and certifications. The request period ended
on September 22, 2025, and staff received two responses. Both companies have significant
work history and competence. One company did not provide certain required certifications
thus disqualifying them. Staff recommend that USG Water be selected as the qualified
company and is requesting authorization to enter into negotiations for scope and fee for both
yearly maintenance and for periodic rehabilitation work.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to select USG Water as the qualified company and
to authorize staff to enter negotiations with USG Water to determine scope and fee for both
yearly maintenance and periodic rehabilitation work on Storey County’s water storage tanks.
Seconded by: Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
26.RECESS TO RECONVENE AS THE STOREY COUNTY BOARD OF COUNTY
COMMISSIONERS
27.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval of the
purchase and installation of a new boiler and related equipment in Piper's Opera House in an
amount not to exceed $85,000. This item was budgeted at $100,000.
Mr. Northan said this is to replace the ageing and obsolete boiler with a new efficient model.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve the purchase and installation of a new
boiler and related equipment for Piper's Opera House under the presented contract in an
amount not to exceed $95,000. Seconded by: Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion passed
unanimously.
28.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval of an
increase of the District Court budget by $55,000 to upgrade Courtroom security.
17
Clerk & Treasurer Jim Hindle said this item is a result of the incident last July where a
defendant stormed the bench. Judges have asked for a wall that would run from the bench to
the wall to south wall of the courtroom. Part of the funds would also provide additional
cameras for complete surveillance and recording of all areas of the court and jury rooms. The
new cameras will integrate with the existing courthouse security recording system. The Jury
Room is being used as defendant holding room, and cameras are needed there. As to the wall,
we have SHIPO approval, but the wall cannot be secured into any of the physical walls of the
courtroom. We are asking for a platform which will become the component to provide
structural integrity. With the proposed design, in the future, the wall can be removed and the
courtroom restored back to original configuration. This is a non-budgeted item, and the
Comptroller said funds can be provided from within the current budget total.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to move to approve a $55,000 increase in the
District Court budget for courtroom security upgrades. Seconded by: Donald Gilman. Vote:
Motion passed unanimously.
29.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval to declare
November 4th through 11th, 2025, in support of Operation Green Light for Veterans.
Lisa Maciel said this is a proclamation to honor, show support and appreciation for veterans.
Ms. Maciel read the proclamation, located on page 376 of the Board of Commissioners
packet available on the Storey County Website under Agendas.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve the declaration of November 4th
through 11th, 2025, in support of Operation Green Light for Veterans. Seconded by: Donald
Gilman. Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
30.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval of a
Hyland/Naviant Cloud migration agreement between Storey County and Naviant to migrate
Storey County's existing on-premise OnBase environment to the Hyland Cloud at a cost not
to exceed $147,000 which includes the initial invoice for a 12-month software subscription,
support and estimated professional services for up to 14 days of the validation and build
phase, and up to 8 days of managed services hour utilization.
Lisa Maciel said this contract is to migrate Storey County's existing on-premises OnBase
environment and move service to the Hyland Cloud. This transition is driven by the need to
replace aging server hardware, which the cloud migration will eliminate by removing
infrastructure dependency. This will help reduce costs, redundancy and backup and will be
more secure. The system will be monitored 24/7 and will simplify processes.
18
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve the County Manager to sign an
agreement between Storey County and Naviant to migrate Storey County's existing on-
premise OnBase environment to the Hyland Cloud at a cost not to exceed $147,000 which
includes the initial invoice for a 12-month software subscription, support and estimated
professional services for up to 14 days of the validation and build phase, and up to 8 days of
managed services hour utilization. Seconded by: Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion passed
unanimously.
31.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Discussion and possible consideration
confirming a pre-authorized contract between Storey County and the Nevada Department of
Transportation (NDOT) for up to 24 months and cost-sharing up to $273,600 for the
placement and maintenance of one or two temporary traffic signals on USA Parkway at the
Tahoe-Reno Industrial Center, and within available budgeted funds for regional
transportation assistance.
County Manager Austin Osborne said he has worked directly with NDOT to solve traffic
problems in TRIC. This is a 24-month contract for traffic signals on Sydney Avenue and
Waltham Way. The county is contributing up to $273,600, half the total estimated costs for
installing and maintaining the signal devices. He detailed the work needed to accomplish the
installation of signals. There are sufficient budgeted funds for this purpose.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to confirm and ratify the 24-month contract ratified
between Storey County and the Nevada Department of Transportation (NDOT) for cost-
sharing up to $273,600 for the placement and maintenance of one or two temporary traffic
signals on USA Parkway at the Tahoe-Reno Industrial Center. Seconded by: Donald Gilman.
Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
32.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: For consideration and possible approval of
business license second readings:
A.Air Hygiene International, Inc. – Out of County / 1600 W. Tacoma St. ~ Broken Arrow, OK
B.B’s Lawn & Pest Control Services – Out of County / 10431 Blockade Dr. ~ Reno, NV
C.Bigge Crane and Rigging Corporation – Contractor / 10700 Bigge St. ~ San Leandro, CA
D.Blue Reef Enterprises, LLC – Contractor / 2700 Mill St. Ste. 800 ~ Reno, NV
E.Brazilian Gourmet on Wheels – Food Truck / 5208 Valley Dr. ~ Sun Valley, NV
F.CESS – General / 225 Amsterdam Ct. ~ Sparks, NV
G.Construction Solutions LLC – Out of County / 748 S. Meadows Pkwy Ste. A-9 ~ Reno, NV
H.CR Electrical Technologies – Contractor / 4910 Donovan Way Ste. E ~ N. Las Vegas, NV
19
I. Endeavor Wireless Construction, Inc. – Contractor / 3365 Fitzgerald Rd. Ste. A ~ Rancho
Cordova, CA
J.Flodraulic Group Incorporated – Out of County / 8510 Breen Rd. ~ Houston, TX
K.Inner Healing with Honey LLC – Out of County / 1302 Grassland Rd. ~ Dayton, NV
L.Ken’s Custom Closets LLC – Contractor / 7532 Rory Cr. ~ Reno, NV
M.Llamas Construction LLC – Contractor / 1744 Walker Dr. ~ Carson City, NV
N.Mackay Precious Metals Inc. – Out of County / 3827 S. Carson St. Unit 505-52 PMB
1042 ~ Carson City, NV
O.Rackley Company Inc. – Contractor / 3772 Co. Rd. 99W ~ Orland, CA
P.RMCI Industrial, LLC – Contractor / 4829 S. 38th St. ~ Phoenix, AZ
Q.Silver State Excavation LLC – Contractor / 2565 Last Chance Ct. ~ Minden, NV
R.The Tiberti Fence Company – Contractor / 4975 Rogers St. ~ Las Vegas, NV
S.US Ghost Adventures LLC – Out of County / 640 Governor Nicholls St. ~ New Orleans, LA
T.Wi-Fiber of Nevada LLC – Out of County / 3072 Research Way Ste. 50 ~ Carson City, NV
Commissioner Mitchell would like to continue Item #S.
Mr. Osborne said the business was informed of the board’s action at the last meeting. Our
offices are convening to look at issues. Company is operating under a temporary license.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve the second readings of business licenses
listed under Item #32 listed as A-T, with the exception of Item #S which I move to continue
to our next regularly scheduled meeting Nov. 4 here at the courthouse. Seconded by: Donald
Gilman. Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
33.PUBLIC COMMENT (No Action): None
34.ADJOURNMENT OF ALL ACTIVE AND RECESSED BOARDS ON THE AGENDA
Commission Chairman Jay Carmona adjourned the meeting at 12:51 p.m.
Respectfully submitted,
____________________________________________
Jim Hindle
Clerk & Treasurer
20
Appendix to the Minutes Of
October 21, 2025
HANDOUTS IN THE MEETING
Correspondence
21
-
- s
T L n
October 21, 2025
Storey County Commission
26 South B Street
Virginia City, NV 89440
RE: Support for Agenda Item 31 - Temporary Traffic Signals on USA Parkway
Dear Chair Carmona and Commissioners,
As a business operating within the Tahoe-Reno Industrial Center (TRIC), Tesla strongly
supports agenda item 31 which authorizes the County Manager to work with the Nevada
Department of Transportation (NDOT) on a 12-18-month cost-sharing agreement for the
placement and maintenance of one or two temporary traffic signals on USA Parkway.
Safe and efficient transportation access is critical to the continued growth and productivity of
TRIC. The existing traffic patterns on USA Parkway often lead to congestion and create safety
challenges for employees and commercial drivers. 1-80 traffic has increased dramatically since
April 2025, mostly due to Waltham Way congestion merging onto the freeway at the Patrick
on-ramp. Installing temporary traffic signals will help improve traffic flow away from Waltham
Way and enhance safety at a key entry point to the industrial center.
This investment will not only benefit TRIC businesses and thousands of employees but will
also support the broader regional economy by improving logistics and safety for all roadway
users. We appreciate the County's proactive approach to partnering with NDOT and leveraging
available transportation assistance funds to address this immediate need.
On behalf of Tesla, I respectfully urge your approval of this agenda item and look forward to
seeing these critical traffic improvements implemented as soon as possible.
Thank you for your consideration and your ongoing commitment to supporting the needs of
Storey County's business community.
Sincerely,
Noelani Derrickson
Policy, West Coast
Tesla, Inc.
ndemcKson@lesla corn
22
Board of Storey County Commissioners
Agenda Action Report
Meeting date: 12/2/2025 10:00 AM - Estimate of Time Required: 5 minutes
BOCC Meeting
Agenda Item Type: Discussion/Possible Action
• Title: Consideration and possible approval of the minutes from the November 4, 2025,
meeting.
• Recommended motion: Approve or amend as necessary.
• Prepared by: Jim Hindle
Department: Clerk & Treasurer Contact Number: 7758470969
• Staff Summary: See attached.
• Supporting Materials: See Attachments
• Fiscal Impact:
• Legal review required: False
• Reviewed by:
____ Department Head Department Name:
____ County Manager Other Agency Review:
• Board Action:
[ ] Approved [ ] Approved with Modification
[ ] Denied [ ] Continued
7
23
STOREY COUNTY BOARD OF COUNTY
COMMISSIONERS MEETING
11/4/2025 10:00 AM
26 SOUTH B STREET, VIRGINIA CITY, NV
MEETING MINUTES
JAY CARMONA CLAY MITCHELL DONALD GILMAN
CHAIRMAN VICE-CHAIRMAN COMMISSIONER
ANNE LANGER JIM HINDLE
DISTRICT ATTORNEY CLERK & TREASURER
Roll Call
Commissioners Carmona, Gilman, and Mitchell present – quorum established.
Total Attendance: 56
1.CALL TO ORDER REGULAR MEETING AT 10:00 A.M.
Commission Chairman Jay Carmona called the meeting to order at 10:01 a.m.
2.CONVENE AS THE STOREY COUNTY BOARD OF COUNTY COMMISSIONERS
3.PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE
4.PUBLIC COMMENT (No Action): None
5.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval of the
agenda for the November 4, 2025, meeting.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve today’s agenda as presented. Seconded
by: Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
6.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval of the
minutes from the October 7, 2025, meeting.
24
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve the minutes from our Oct. 7, 2025,
meeting as presented. Seconded by: Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
7.CONSENT AGENDA FOR POSSIBLE ACTION:
I. For possible action, approval of business license first readings:
A.All Sierra Electrical LLC – Contractor / 3150 Carmine Unit B ~ Carson City, NV
B.Flow Waterjet – Out of County / 23500 64th Ave. S. ~ Kent, WA
C.Keller Associates, Inc. of Idaho – Professional / 245 E Liberty St. Ste 500 ~ Reno, NV
D.Logan Simpson Design Inc. – Out of County / 222 S. Mill Ave. Ste 222 ~ Tempe, AZ
E.Lunch Works – Out of County / 1 S. Lake St. ~ Reno, NV
F.MST Surveying Inc. – Professional / 15506 Quicksilver Dr. ~ Reno, NV
G.Novva Reno, LLC – General / 3399 Peru Dr. ~ McCarran, NV
H.PC Engineering Corporation – Professional / 321 Maple Ln. ~ Blountville, TN
I.Ridgeline Restoration & Renovation LLC – Contractor / 539 Crabapple Ln. ~ Dayton, NV
J.Sagebrush Energy LLC – Contractor / 3515 Airway Dr.# 202 ~ Reno, NV
K.Wilson Engineers LLC – Out of County / 1620 W. Fountainhead Pkwy # 501 ~ Tempe, AZ
L.Zion Builders Inc – Contractor / 250 Vista Blvd # 101 ~ Sparks, NV
II.Approval of claims for the amount of $14,519,294.58.
III.Correction for Personal Property Acct # CM000946 Crown Credit Company in the amount
of ($384.09). This correction is due to assets reported by e-file to the Assessor office with
incorrect acquisition years of assets. These assets were reported as acquired in 2025 and
should have been 2020. This resulted in a $384.09 reduction of their tax bill. Please see
attached.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve today’s Consent agenda as presented.
Seconded by: Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
8.DISCUSSION ONLY (No Action - No Public Comment): Committee/Staff Reports
Projects Manager
• Chris Trotta said on the replacement of waterline from I-580 to the top of the siphon, we
have completed the engineered design for the routing of the transmission main. We are
presently working to secure easements starting with Nevada Division of State Lands for
three parcels in Washoe State Park.
• For the Courthouse Fence project, Lodi Iron Works will start patterns this week. The
Donovan Blacksmith School/Club may work with us to ensure some clips for the new
slats are historically correct.
25
• For Piper’s Oprea House, bids are being sought for seismic upgrades and the
refurbishment of 12 entry doors and 5 windows on the south side of the building.
• The Mark Twain Community Center project is under way.
• Water Tank Upgrades pricing is being reviewed with the comptroller before seeking
Board approval for the Water Tank refurbishments and the ongoing maintenance
program.
• For the Gold Hill Collection System Piping Replacement, the Dowl Task Order #84 for
the pre-design engineering and environmental work is now under way.
Emergency Management
• Adam Wilson said the National Weather Service has a wind advisory expecting 100 mph
winds at the ridgetops for Nov. 5.
• Assistance was provided to Carson City for Nevada Day activities.
• On Saturday the department will support the Jeep Posse in Search & Rescue training.
• Mr. Wilson will be interviewed on Thursday by local radio station about the upcoming
Lockwood evacuation exercise. The evacuation town hall meeting will be Nov. 12.
• On Nov. 13 the EM team will be in Dayton assisting Lyon EMS with their community
flood awareness program.
• The EM team will be out of state Nov. 16-22 for the international EMS conference.
• Mobile Emergency Operations Center is expected to be in by Christmas.
VCTC
• Tourism Director Todd Tuttle said the Pumpkin Patch Train sold out and the hayrides
show good demand as well.
• The Spirit Made Me Do It Saloon Crawl had a 25 percent increase in attendance.
• The costume parade doubled in size. Trick or Treat went well.
• The Cemetery Gin wagon in the Nevada Day Parade.
• The Statehood Ball had more than 100 people in attendance. The Lt. Governor attended
along with members of the Governor’s Office of Economic Development.
• The Veteran’s Day Parade will be Nov. 11 at 11 a.m., not the usual noon. There will be a
flyover.
• Christmas on the Comstock will feature decorating contests, Believe Again Christmas
Cheer shopping, and the Parade of Lights on Dec. 6 at 5 p.m. followed by fireworks. The
following Saturday (12/13) will have another parade, followed by a drone show.
• The next Mix & Mingle will be Nov. 11 at 5:30 p.m. at Piper’s Opera House.
• American Bus Association convention in Reno will be Jan. 7-12. We will have special
FAM tours.
• The Governor’s Conference on Tourism will be Jan. 9-10.
26
Human Resources
• Director Brandie Lopez said she attended the International City/County Management
Association conference with Jennifer McCain, and it was good to discuss leadership
techniques and other topics with other counties’ officials.
Public Information Officer
• Julie Moreno-Freitas said the web site now features Commission Meeting Recaps with
short, easy-to-read summaries. They can be found by clicking on Resident Information,
then Media Center, then on Meeting Recap.
County Manager
• County Manager Austin Osborne said staff are looking at all the zip-codes in the county.
Investigating possible use of 89437 for all the north end of the county, including the
residential areas. For the Virginia City Highlands, it would be included in the Virginia
City 89440 zip code. Mark Twain may integrate with 89437 or 89440.
• He said zip codes attached to the county were important because when residents shop
online, if they don’t have the Storey zip codes, taxes paid on items purchased go to
surrounding counties, and purchasers pay higher sales taxes. The impact could total in the
millions of dollars.
• On USA Parkway traffic signal at Sydney, we are talking with NDOT every day and the
infrastructure for the signal is nearly done.
• The County and the property owner have been communicating and making progress
toward facilitating a traffic signal on Waltham Way.
Comptroller
• Comptroller Jennifer McCain praised her experience at the ICMA conference with Ms.
Lopez. She said she was intrigued by the closed-loop AI process. They shared community
outreach ideals, upgrading or building new government complexes.
• The audit is on track and will be presented at the second meeting in December for
approval.
9. DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval of
proposed settlement agreement in the Mediation of Rebecca Parsons.
Jared Hague, Attorney for Hague Law, said this was a settle agreement with a former
employee of the Sheriff’s Office.
Public Comment: None
Motion: In accordance with recommendation by staff, I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to
approve the proposed settlement agreement as related to Rebecca Parsons. Seconded by:
Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
27
10.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval of the
Schedule of Project Revenue and Net Revenue for the TRI Public-Private Partnership for
fiscal year ending June 30, 2024, including the payment to Tahoe Reno Industrial Center,
LLC in the amount of $6,999,524 towards the County’s infrastructure liability.
Commissioner Gilman recused himself due to a pecuniary interest.
Comptroller Jennifer McCain said a date typo was on the cover page. It should say for years
ending June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2024.
Ms. McCain said the net projections are $25 million, up from $18.7 million. The total
payment is $6,999,524. The total due is $12 million, but last year we made an extra payment
of $5.7 million, so it is slightly lower than the budgeted amount, and there will be no need for
an augment or transfer.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, approve the Schedule of Project Revenue and Net
Revenue for the TRI Public-Private Partnership for fiscal year ending June 30, 2024,
including the payment to Tahoe Reno Industrial Center, LLC in the amount of $6,999,524
towards the County’s infrastructure liability. Seconded by: Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion
passed unanimously.
11.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Discussion and consideration directing the
future use of saloon space within Piper’s Opera House following a December 31, 2025,
expiration of a lease agreement between Storey County and Pondarosa Saloon (DBA “Old
Corner Bar”) and notice of retirement by the current tenants.
Commissioner Gilman recused himself from this item.
County Manager Austin Osborne said the County was given notice in September from the
owners of the Old Corner Bar at Piper’s Opera House of their intention to retire, with their
personal property available for sale. Since there is no sub-leasing available, he recommended
a brand-new lease. Mr. Osborne also noted that an RFQ was planned to seek an operator for
Piper’s Opera House, and the situation with the bar could impact that.
Mr. Osborne listed the commissioners’ options as follows:
• Let the current lease expire on 12/31/25 with no further action.
• Let the current lease expire and consider purchasing the available personal property of
the Old Corner Bar.
• Let the current lease expire, consider purchasing personal property, and pause further
action until a non-profit is secured to manage Piper’s Opera House.
28
• Let the current lease expire and draft new lease for public bid to lease the premises for
the purpose of operating a saloon for consideration by the board. The terms may be:
a.effective on or after January 1 but not after March 1, 2026
b.not to exceed an appraised value determined by a qualified county appraiser
c.a two-year term
d.a tenant of Storey County for one year, then a tenant of a non-profit organization
granted authority after public bid to operate the opera house
e.subject to board approval
• Let the current lease expire and draft new lease with prospective successor business
owner with possible terms being:
a.effective on or after January 1 but not after March 1, 2026
b.not to exceed an appraised value determined by a qualified county appraiser
c.a two-year term
d.a tenant of Storey County for one year, then a tenant of a non-profit organization
granted authority after public bid to operate the opera
e, Expire the lease and take alternative action
Mr. Osborne said there was no intent to sell the opera house but were looking for a qualified
nonprofit to operate Piper’s, who would qualify for endowments and grants. The nonprofit
would operate the entire building, depending on what happens with the bar.
Public Comment: Old Corner Bar owner Tami Migan said she and her husband have had
three separate landlords, all of whom saw value in the bar. It is always open 7 days a week,
allowing for security for the opera house. She didn’t want the dynamics of the business to
change, and recommended Ryan Brandon as a potential lessee.
John Strahan, head of Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 8071, said 6-8 years ago the post began
a project to establish a permanent location for veterans. He was reviewing the RFQ for
Piper’s Opera House and said his post would be able to maintain the building, its history, and
convert some space for veteran’s services. Mr. Strahan said the VFW would prefer to take
over both the opera house and the bar but would work with the county if the commissioners
chose to keep them separate. In that case, he said, the VFW would be happy with running
either one.
Ryan Brandon said he was approached by the Migans and said he would not change the
atmosphere of the bar. He noted that seven employees count on income from the bar, so it
would be important to avoid a shutdown. He said for many, the bar is their only social
interaction. Mr. Brandon said he would like at least one thing to stay the same. He didn’t
want to take over Piper’s Opera House, just the bar. He said all he would do is to put the
popcorn machine back and install a TV to watch sports.
Tourism Director Todd Tuttle said currently his staff runs the opera house, and that a long-
term delay would affect people who have already paid deposits.Mr. Tuttle said the opera
29
house has weddings, community events, dance recitals and other events scheduled. He said
the activity is about 25 percent in the winter and rises to 50 percent in the Spring. He said the
American Bus Association was coming up in January and the bar was essential to an event
they would like to hold.
Commissioner Mitchell said he did not want the bar vacant for an extended period, but at the
same time, he did not like the County being a landlord. He said he would like to combine the
two, and have the bar be the responsibility of whatever entity takes over the Opera house. He
said he did want to acquire the personal property. He said if the bar is forced to close even for
a short time, that would hurt the opera house.
Commissioner Carmona agreed it was best to purchase property and equipment, and he
wanted to see the bar continue. He said if the bar is not available, it could hurt the RFQ. The
problem is what should be done in the meantime. He was happy with the VFW’s interest.
Mr. Osborne said two substantial structural repairs were holding up the RFQ, but the bar
should be able to be kept open. There are two interested parties for the RFQ, so we should
expedite the process. If it is just the bar, we should vet applicants and see who is best to run
the business. Someone who wins the RFQ may not want the bar.
The commissioners noted that the original RFQ did not include the bar, and that an opera
house manager may not want to be a landlord or run a bar. Staff should be asked to look at
both options and include a public bid for the bar, and the process should be shortened as soon
as possible.
Mr. Osborne said the RFQ would take 90 days to go to bid. Between interviews, vetting and
other processes, he estimated it would be February before that could be prepared.
Commissioner Carmona suggested options to include the bar, not include the bar and put the
bar up for bids.
Mr. Osborne said that staff will have a proposal at the next meeting.
Deputy District Attorney Brian Brown said if the board wanted to lease the bar to another
entity, they would have to adopt a new resolution and have it go out to bid, after being
advertised for three weeks. He said the County could not just pick a new party without it
going back to bid.
Commissioner Carmona said that they would not be able to accomplish that in a short
amount of time unless the current owner would be willing to extend their operation of the bar
until the process could be completed.
Mr. Osborne asked for more time and said a motion could be prepared by the next meeting.
30
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to Instruct staff to continue to prepare and bring
back this item to our Nov. 18 meeting, based on the conversation we’ve had on the record
today. Seconded by: Jay Carmona. Vote: Motion passed 2-0.
12.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval to accept
a $30,000 donation from Donald Gilman. This donation will be used by the Sheriff’s office to
purchase two dual purpose motorcycle units specific for dealing with traffic enforcement in
the USA Parkway area and to lower response times between Lockwood and USA Parkway.
Commissioner Gilman recused himself from this item.
Sheriff Cullen asked that the board accept this donation to help pay for two dual-purpose
motorcycles to be used for traffic enforcement at TRIC.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to authorize the donation from Donald Gilman, in
the amount of $30,000, to be used by the Sheriff’s office to purchase two dual purpose
motorcycle units specific for dealing with traffic enforcement in the USA Parkway area and
to lower response times between Lockwood and USA Parkway area. Seconded by: Jay
Carmona. Vote: Motion passed 2-0.
13.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval for the
Sheriff’s Office to purchase out of budget 2 motorcycles with upfitting for a cost of
approximately $30,285 and radios, helmets, and gear not to exceed $10,000 for a total out-of-
budget request of $40,285. The intended use for these motorcycles is traffic control in the
Tahoe Reno Industrial Center. This purchase is partially funded by a donation from Donald
Gilman in the amount of $30,000.
Sheriff Cullen said he is requesting approval to purchase the 2 sport-style motorcycles to deal
with issues in north part of the county. He said along with the donation we need to outfit
bikes and deputies. These motorcycles are not standardized police motorcycles but will be
more suited for driving either on the highway or off-road. He said he also received a discount
from a local dealership.
Public Comment: None
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve the Sheriff’s Office purchase out of
budget 2 motorcycles with upfitting for a cost of approximately $30,285 and radios, helmets,
and gear not to exceed $10,000 for a total out of budget request of $40,285. The intended use
for these motorcycles is traffic control in the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center. This purchase is
31
partially funded by a donation from Donald Gilman in the amount of $30,000. Seconded by:
Donald Gilman. Vote: Motion passed unanimously
14. DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval for a
Storey County Proclamation for Flood Awareness Week, November 9 - 15, 2025.
Planning Manager Kathy Canfield said we have done this in past few years. This helps us
with our FEMA items that come up.
Public Comment: None
Ms. Canfield read the proclamation.
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve Storey County, Nevada, Proclamation
for recognizing Flood Awareness Week November 9 - 15, 2025. Seconded by: Donald
Gilman. Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
15. DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Discussion and consideration of Resolution
No. 25-805 expressing support for maintaining free and open public vehicular access to the
Interstate 80-Patrick Interchange at McCarran, Nevada, and for future upgrades to the
interchange to enhance its compatibility with current conditions and future growth in the
region.
County Manager Austin Osborne said this item addresses the potential closing or restriction
of traffic at the Patrick/I-80 interchange. Discussions have been ongoing. This resolution
addresses the contemplation by other agencies in closing or restricting access at Patrick
which would negatively impact emergency and law enforcement services.
.
Public Comment: None
Mr. Osborne read the title of the resolution.
Motion: I, Commissioner Mitchell, move to approve Resolution No. 25-805 expressing
support for maintaining free and open public vehicular access to the Interstate 80-Patrick
Interchange at McCarran, Nevada, and for future upgrades to the interchange to enhance its
compatibility with current conditions and future growth in the region. Seconded by: Donald
Gilman. Vote: Motion passed unanimously.
16. DISCUSSION ONLY: Presentation of NEOGOV Donation to Community Chest, Inc. in the
amount of $2000.00.
Human Resources Director Brandie Lopeez said The County has been utilizing NEOGOV
software to support our recruiting and onboarding processes. Earlier this month, members of
32
the Human Resources Department attended NEOGOV’s annual conference. In celebration of
their 25th anniversary, NEOGOV launched the Ignite NEOGOV Gives Back initiative,
inviting all conference registrants to nominate a local nonprofit organization making a
meaningful impact in their community. Community Chest, Inc. was selected as the 3rd Place
Winner in the 2025 Ignite NEOGOV Gives Back Award, in the amount of $2000.00. Today,
we are proud to recognize Community Chest, Inc. for their outstanding work and the positive
difference they continue to make in the lives of Storey County residents.
Photos were taken.
Community Chest Inc. Executive Director Erik Schoen said he appreciated the County’s
support and reported on recent activities.
• Holiday food baskets are being planned and asked for nominations. People can nominate
themselves. Jessica is the contact at jessica@communitychest.net.
• The Angel Tree program is working. If you know someone in need you can put an angel
for that person.
• At the new Community Center in Lockwood, the early education program will begin
once we complete state licensing, hopefully January or February.
Public Comment: None
17.RECESS TO CONVENE AS THE STOREY COUNTY HIGHWAY BOARD
18.DISCUSSION ONLY: Report of Public Works Department regarding roads and highways
throughout Storey County.
Public Works Director Jason Wierzbicki said
• Engineering and sitework - including drainage - is under way for Mark Twain.
• Staff are installing new signage throughout the TRIC area to help control speed.
• Staff are working with NDOT to alleviate traffic issues in TRIC.
• We are gearing up for snow season and hope to get a new blower by end of November.
• He reminded the public that berms happen. We try to minimize them. First the main
thoroughfares are plowed, then the hills, then the flat areas. We team with NDOT for C
Street. We have 82 miles of paved roads, so we are sometimes stretched thin.
Public Comment: None
19.RECESS TO CONVENE AS THE STOREY COUNTY FIRE PROTECTION
DISTRICT BOARD
20.DISCUSSION/FOR POSSIBLE ACTION: Consideration and possible approval of budget
increases for the purchase of specialized fleet management software for the Fleet