Edgewood Renewables, LLC
5233 E EL Campo Grande Ave., Las Vegas, NV 89119
Date: May 14, 2026 Stephen Harrington, Manager
Application Facts: Company Profile
Industry Manufacturing Edgewood Renewables, LLC (Edgewood) plans to construct a state of the artbiofuel
manufacturing facility in North Las Vegas. Edgewood is a manufacturer of drop-in renewable
NAICS 325199
gasoline produced from renewable feedstocks such as dairy renewable natural gas and
Type of App New ethanol. Edgewood is developing a plan to purchase, repurpose and construct an incomplete
Location Clark County renewable fuel production facility together with an adjacent product terminal Once the
facility is put into service, the facility will produce approximately 22,000,000 gallons per
RDA LVGEA, Clarissa Castillo year of drop-in renewable gasoline. Given that transportation contributes to nearly a quarter
of global CO2 emissions, Edgewood's primary emphasis lies in the production of premium
renewable diesel. Renewable Diesel is molecularly equivalent to petroleum diesel, but has
lower lifecycle emissions and is produced without fossil fuels. Unlike biodiesel, it does not
require blending or infrastructure modifications and can be used in any diesel engine. At full
production, the Edgewood Las Vegas facility will save approximately 987,000,000 kilograms
of CO2e from being emitted each year. Edgewood plans to utilize as many local resources as
possible to construct this facility, and once operational, to engage the local workforce and
talent to staff positions. The employment opportunities will range from high level
management positions to technical engineers and production staff. Edgewood will also be
connected with and provide support to UNLV's Center for Energy Research as the Edgewood
facility directly aligns with the mission of the Center. Source: Edgewood Renewables, LLC
Tax Abatement Requirements: Statutory Company Application Meeting Requirements
Job Creation 50 60 Yes
Average Wage $31.57 $40.71 Yes
Equipment Capex (SU & MBT) $1,000,000 Yes
$138,718,000
Equipment Capex (PP) $5,000,000 Yes
Additional Requirements:
Health Insurance 65% 100% Yes
Revenues generated outside NV 51% 100% Yes
Business License Current Pending Will comply
Total Tax Liability (without tax abatements) Direct (company) Total
$24,898,449 $32,246,489
Tax Abatements Contract Terms Estimated Tax Abatement
Sales Tax Abmt. 2% for 2 years $8,843,273
Modified Business Tax Abmt. 50% for 4 years $87,684
Personal Property Tax Abmt. 50% for 10 years $4,877,564
Real Property Tax for Recycling Abmt. 50% for 10 years $1,675,160
Total Estimated Tax Abatement over 10 yrs. $15,483,681
Net New Tax Revenues Direct Indirect Taxes after Abatements
Local Taxes
Property $6,212,916 $3,640,551 $9,853,467
Sales $0 $1,944,963 $1,944,963
Lodging $0 $0 $0
State Taxes
Property $339,809 $213,191 $553,000
Sales $2,774,360 $653,315 $3,427,675
Modified Business $390,318 $593,385 $983,703
Lodging $0 $0 $0
Total Estimated New Tax Revenue over 10 yrs. $9,717,403 $7,045,405 $16,762,808
Economic Impact over 10 yrs. Economic Construction Total
Total Jobs Supported 143 0 143
Total Payroll Supported $105,373,341 $0 $105,373,341
Total Economic Value $579,419,866 $0 $579,419,866
Economic Impact Output per Abatement Dollar New Total Tax per Abated Dollar
$41.96 $1.08
IMPORTANT TERMS & INFORMATION
Tax Abatements are reduction or discount of tax liability and companies do not receive any form of payment.
Total Estimated Tax Abatement is a tax reduction estimate. This estimated amount will be discounted from total tax liability.
Estimated New Tax Revenue is amount of tax revenues local and state government will collect after the abatement was given to applying
company.
Economic Impact is economic effect or benefits that this company and it's operations will have on the community and state economy measured
by total number of jobs, payroll and created output.
April 8, 2026
Mr. Tom Burns
Executive Director
Nevada Governor's Office of Economic Development
1 State of Nevada Way, 4th Floor
Las Vegas, Nevada 89119
Dear Mr. Burns,
Edgewood Renewables, LLC is applying to the State of Nevada's Sales & Use Tax
Abatement, Modified Business Tax Abatement, and Personal Property Tax Abatement. We
request that Edgewood Renewables, LLC be placed on the May 14th , 2026, GOED Board
meeting agenda.
Edgewood Renewables, LLC will create 60 new positions in the first two years of
expanded operations, with an average hourly wage of $40.71. They will offer employee
health insurance with a projected 100% premium coverage and 100% of their revenue is
generated outside of Nevada. Edgewood Renewables, LLC will make an overall capital
investment of $175,218,000.
Edgewood Renewables, LLC meets the statutory requirements for the Sales & Use Tax
Abatement, Modified Business Tax Abatement, and Personal Property Tax Abatement. This
application has the support of Las Vegas Global Economic Alliance.
Sincerely,
'.
l
✓-
(\�
Clarissa Castillo
Chief Strategy & Performance Officer
Las Vegas Global Economic Alliance
11
5225 East El Campo Grande Ave, North Las Vegas, NV
March 18, 2026
Thomas Burns, Executive Director
Nevada Governor's Office of Economic Development
1 State of Nevada Way
Las Vegas, NV 89119
Dear Mr. Burns:
Edgewood Renewables, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Edgewood”), is a manufacturer of drop-in
renewable gasoline produced from renewable feedstocks such as dairy renewable natural gas and ethanol.
Edgewood is developing a plan to purchase, repurpose and construct an incomplete renewable fuel production
facility together with an adjacent product terminal located at 5225 /5233 East El Campo Grande Ave, North
Las Vegas, NV North Las Vegas, Nevada. This plan focuses on the construction of an approximately Two
Hundred Fifty Million and 00/100 ($250,000,000.00) Dollar +/- state of the art biofuel manufacturing facility.
Once the facility is put into service, the facility will produce approximately 22,000,000 gallons per year of drop-
in renewable gasoline. Edgewood plans to utilize as many local resources as possible to construct this facility, and
once operational, to engage the local workforce and talent to staff positions. The employment opportunities
will range from high level management positions to technical engineers and production staff.
The decision to pursue this opportunity in Las Vegas, Nevada was based on several factors, including, the
local workforce, business tax structure, cost of living and logistic advantages offered by the region. In
addition, the ability to receive the benefits of the State of Nevada Governor’s Office of Economic Development
Tax Abatement program, was also a critical factor in deciding to locate the production operation to Las Vegas.
Based the current plan, Edgewood intends to staff and operate the facility with a total of approximately sixty
(60) employees with an average hourly rate of compensation projected to be Forty and 71/100 ($40.71)
Dollars per hour.
We are excited about the market opportunities presented by this location and the advantages that locating
this facility in Las Vegas, Nevada will offer Edgewood.
Sincerely,
Edgewood Renewables, LLC
By: ___________________________
Stephen Harrington, Manager
2
5225 East El Campo Grande Ave, North Las Vegas, NV
March 18, 2026
Mr. Thomas Burns
Executive Director
Nevada Governor's Office of Economic Development
1 State of Nevada Way
Las Vegas, NV 89119
Dear Mr. Burns
Healthcare Coverage Letter of Intent
If Edgewood Renewables, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Company”), makes a
final decision to locate in the State of Nevada, the Company understands that a requirement for
the tax abatements provided by the Governor's Office of Economic development is the offering of
65% of the health care premium coverage for the eligible employees of the Company as per NRS
360.750:
The Company and its direct subsidiaries (subject to the tax abatements) will, by the eighth
calendar quarter following the calendar quarter in which the abatement becomes effective, offer
a health insurance plan for all employees that includes an option for health insurance coverage
for dependents of the employees, and the health care benefits the business offers to its employees
in this State will meet the *minimum requirements* for health care benefits established by the
Office
* the Company agrees to pay at least sixty-five percent (65%) of the premium cost for the employee
or the abatements may be reduced or eliminated at GOED’s discretion.
Very truly yours,
Edgewood Renewables, LLC
By: _______________________
Stephen Harrington, Manager
3
4
Edgewood Renewables LLC
April 13, 2026
Thomas J. Burns
Executive Director
Nevada Governor's Office of Economic Development
1 State of Nevada Way
Las Vegas, NV 89119
RE: APPLICATION FOR INCENTIVES – REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIALITY OF
RECORDS AND DOCUMENTS – NRS 231.069
Dear Director Burns,
On March 16th, Edgewood Renewables LLC submitted an application to you as the Executive
Director of the State of Nevada Governor’s Office of Economic Development (“GOED”)
requesting approval of economic incentives for the new operation in Washoe County, Nevada.
The purpose of this letter is to request that any and all records and other documents in GOED’s
possession concerning initial contact with, research and planning for Edgewood Renewables
LLC, including but not limited to certain information in that application, and if amended, all be
kept confidential pursuant to Section 4 of Assembly Bill No. 17 (2015 Regular Session) as
codified in NRS 231.069.
Please be advised that Edgewood Renewables LLC specifically deems the following information
proprietary and confidential:
1. Incentive Application Equipment List - Schedule 5 (A)
2. Incentive Application Employment List - Schedule 5 (B)
Thank you for your consideration. If you have any questions or require any further information,
please do not hesitate to contact me.
Sincerely,
W Stephen Harrington
Chief Executive Officer
Edgewood Renewables LLC
5
808 W Nye Lane, Carson City, NV 89703
1 State of Nevada Way, 4th Floor, Las Vegas, NV, 89119
775.687.9900
GOED.NV.GOV
Pursuant to NRS 231.069, and upon the request of applicant, Edgewood Renewables
LLC, the Executive Director of the Office has determined the:
(i) The detailed schedule of Capital Equipment List, 5(A)
(ii) The detailed schedule of Employment List, 5(B)
are confidential proprietary information of the business, are not public records, and
shall be redacted in its entirety from the copy of the application that is disclosed to the
public.
Governor Joe Lombardo
Executive Director Thomas J. Burns
6
Company is an / a: (check one)
Incentive Application New location in Nevada
Company Name: Edgewood Renewables, LLC Expansion of a Nevada company
Date of Application: March 18, 2026
Section 1 - Type of Incentives
Please check all that the company is applying for on this application:
Sales & Use Tax Abatement
Modified Business Tax Abatement Recycling Real Property Tax Abatement
Personal Property Tax Abatement Other:
Section 2 - Corporate Information
COMPANY NAME (Legal name under which business will be transacted in Nevada) FEDERAL TAX ID #
Edgewood Renewables, LLC 88-0534436
CORPORATE ADDRESS CITY / TOWN STATE / PROVINCE ZIP
5233 E EL Campo Grande Ave. Las Vegas Nevada 89115
MAILING ADDRESS TO RECEIVE DOCUMENTS (If different from above) CITY / TOWN STATE / PROVINCE ZIP
TELEPHONE NUMBER WEBSITE
(267) 235-4906
COMPANY CONTACT NAME COMPANY CONTACT TITLE
www.edgewoodrenewables.com
Stephen Harrington Manager
E-MAIL ADDRESS PREFERRED PHONE NUMBER
(267) 235-4906
Has your company ever applied and been approved for incentives available by the Governor's Office of Economic Development? Yes No
stephen.harrington@edgewoodrenew.com
If Yes, list the program awarded, date of approval, and status of the accounts (attach separate sheet if necessary):
Section 3 - Program Requirements
Please check two of the boxes below; the company must meet at least two of the three program requirements:
A capital investment of $1,000,000 in eligible equipment in urban areas or $250,000 in eligible equipment in rural areas are required. This criteria is
businesses. In cases of expanding businesses, the capital investment must equal at least 20% of the value of the tangible property owned by the
business.
New businesses locating in urban areas require fifty (50) or more permanent, full-time employees on its payroll by the eighth calendar quarter following
quarter in which the abatement becomes effective. In rural areas, the requirement is ten (10) or more. For an expansion, the business must increase
employees on its payroll by 10% more than its existing employees prior to expansion, or by 25 (urban) or 6 (rural) employees, whichever is
greater.
In both urban and rural areas, the average hourly wage that will be paid by the business to its new employees is at least 100% of the average
statewide hourly wage.
Note: Criteria is different depending on whether the business is in a county where the population is 100,000 or more or a city where the population is 60,000 or more
“urban” area), or if the business is in a county where the population is less than 100,000 or a city where the population is less than 60,000 (i.e., “rural” area).
Section 4 - Nevada Facility
Type of Facility:
Headquarters Service Provider
Technology Distribution / Fulfillment
Back Office Operations Manufacturing
Research & Development / Intellectual Property Other:
PERCENTAGE OF REVENUE GENERATED BY THE NEW JOBS
EXPECTED DATE OF NEW / EXPANDED OPERATIONS (MONTH / YEAR)
CONTAINED IN THIS APPLICATION FROM OUTSIDE NEVADA
100% Q3 2026
NAICS CODE / SIC INDUSTRY TYPE
325199 Biofuels / Renewable Fuels
Facility manufacture and distribution renewable fuels from renewable hydrocrabons, including, renewable gasoline, renewable hydrogen and renewable
methonal.
PROPOSED / ACTUAL NEVADA FACILITY ADDRESS CITY / TOWN COUNTY ZIP
5233 E El Campo Grande Ave North Las Vegas Clark County 89115
WHAT OTHER STATES / REGIONS / CITIES ARE BEING CONSIDERED FOR YOUR COMPANY'S RELOCATION / EXPANSION / STARTUP?
Texas, Mississippi and Louisiana
7
Section 5 - Complete Forms (see additional tabs at the bottom of this sheet for each form listed below)
Check the applicable box when form has been completed.
5 (A) Equipment List
5 (B) Employment Schedule
5 (C) Evaluation of Health Plan, with supporting documents to show the employer paid portion of plan meets the minimum of 65%.
5 (D) Company Information Form
Section 6 - Real Estate & Construction (Fill in either New Operations/Startup or Expansion, not both.)
New Operations / Start Up - Plans Over the Next Ten Years Expansions - Plans Over the Next 10 Years
Part 1. Are you currently/planning on Part 1. Are you currently leasing space in Nevada?
leasing space in Nevada? No If No, skip to Part 2. If Yes, continue below:
If No, skip to Part 2. If Yes, continue below: What year(s)?
What year(s)? How much space (sq. ft.)?
How much space (sq. ft.)? Annual lease cost at current space:
Annual lease cost of space: Due to expansion, will you lease additional space?
Do you plan on making building tenant improvements? If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes, continue below:
If No, skip to Part 2. If Yes*, continue below: Expanding at the current facility or a new facility?
When to make improvements (month, year)? What year(s)?
How much expanded space (sq. ft.)?
Part 2. Are you currently/planning on Annual lease cost of expanded space:
buying an owner occupied facility in Nevada? Yes Do you plan on making building tenant improvements?
If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes*, continue below: If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes*, continue below:
Purchase date, if buying (month, year): Jul-2023 When to make improvements (month, year)?
How much space (sq. ft.)? 302,000
Do you plan on making building improvements? Yes Part 2. Are you currently operating at an
If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes*, continue below: owner occupied building in Nevada?
When to make improvements (month, year)? Q3 2026 If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes, continue below:
How much space (sq. ft.)?
Part 3. Are you currently/planning on Current assessed value of real property?
building a build-to-suit facility in Nevada? Yes Due to expansion, will you be making building improvements?
If Yes*, continue below: If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes*, continue below:
When to break ground, if building (month, year)? Q3 2026 When to make improvements (month, year)?
Estimated completion date, if building (month, year): Q3 2028
How much space (sq. ft.)? NA Part 3. Do you plan on building or buying a
new facility in Nevada?
If Yes*, continue below:
Purchase date, if buying (month, year):
When to break ground, if building (month, year)?
Estimated completion date, if building (month, year):
How much space (sq. ft.)?
* Please complete Section 7 - Capital Investment for New Operations / Startup. * Please complete Section 7 - Capital Investment for Expansions below.
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF CONSTRUCTION PROJECT AND ITS PROJECTED IMPACT ON THE LOCAL ECONOMY (Attach a separate sheet if necessary):
8
Section 7 - Capital Investment (Fill in either New Operations/Startup or Expansion, not both.)
New Operations / Start Up Expansions
How much capital investment is planned? (Breakout below): How much capital investment is planned? (Breakout below):
Building Purchase (if buying): $30,000,000 Building Purchase (if buying):
Building Costs (if building / making improvements): Building Costs (if building / making improvements):
Land: $6,500,000 Land:
Equipment Cost: $138,718,000 Equipment Cost:
Total: $175,218,000 Total:
Is the equipment purchase for replacement
of existing equipment?
Current assessed value of personal property in NV:
(Must attach the most recent assessment from the County Assessor's Office.)
Section 8 - Employment (Fill in either New Operations/Startup or Expansion, not both.)
New Operations / Start Up Expansions
How many full-time equivalent (FTE*) employees will be created by the How many full-time equivalent (FTE*) employees will be created by the
end of the first eighth quarter of new operations?: 60 end of the first eighth quarter of expanded operations?:
Average hourly wage of these new employees: $40.71 Average hourly wage of these new employees:
How many FTE employees prior to expansion?:
Average hourly wage of these existing employees:
Total number of employees after expansion:
* FTE represents a permanent employee who works an average of 30 hours per week or more, is eligible for health care coverage, and whose position is a "primary job" as
set forth in NAC 360.474.
OTHER COMPENSATION (Check all that apply):
Overtime Merit increases Tuition assistance Bonus
PTO / Sick / Vacation COLA adjustments Retirement Plan / Profit Sharing / 401(k) Other:
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION PROGRAMS AND ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS (Attach a separate sheet if necessary):
Section 9 - Employee Health Insurance Benefit Program
Is health insurance for employees and is an option for dependents offered?: Yes (attach health plan and quote or invoice) No
Package includes (check all that apply):
Medical Vision Dental Other: Group life and disability
Qualified after (check one):
Upon employment Three months after hire date Six months after hire date Other:
Health Insurance Costs: Percentage of health insurance premium by (min 65%):
Plan Type: PPO
Employer Contribution (annual premium per employee): TBD Company: 100%
Employee Contribution (annual premium per employee) $ - Employee: 0%
Total Annual Premium: TBD
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
9
Section 10 - Certification
I, the undersigned, hereby grant to the Governor's Office of Economic Development access to all pertinent and relevant records and documents of the
aforementioned company. I understand this requirement is necessary to qualify and to monitor forcompliance of all statutory and regulatory provisions
pertaining to this application.
Beingowner,member,partner,officeroremployeewithsignatoryauthorizationforthecompany,Idoherebydeclarethatthefactshereinstatedaretrueand
thatalllicensingandpermittingrequirementswillbemetpriortothecommencementofoperations. Inaddition,Iand/orthecompany’slegalcounselhave
reviewedthetermsoftheGOEDTaxAbatementandIncentivesAgreement,thecompanyrecognizesthisagreementisgenerallynotsubjecttochange,and
any material revisions have been discussed with GOED in advance of board approval.
Stephen Harrington
Name of person authorized for signature Signature
Manager 3/18/2026
Title Date
Nevada Governor's Office of Economic Development
1 State of Nevada Way, 4th Floor, Las Vegas, Nevada 89119 • 702.486.2700 • www.goed.nv.gov
10
Equipment Schedule, Detailed
The Office has determined the detailed equipment schedule as
described in this application constitutes confidential
proprietary information of Edgewood Renewables, LLC, and
is not a public record.
11
Employment Schedule, Detailed
The Office has determined the detailed equipment schedule as
described in this application constitutes confidential
proprietary information of Edgewood Renewables, LLC, and
is not a public record.
12
5(C) Evaluation of Health Plans Offered by Companies
Company Name: Edgewood Renewables, LLC County: Clark
Total Number of Full-Time Employees: 60
Average Hourly Wage per Employee $40.71
Average Annual Wage per Employee (implied) $84,666.67
COST OF HELATH INSURANCE
Annual Health Insurance Premium Cost: TBD
Percentage of Premium Covered by:
Company 100%
Employee 0%
HEALTH INSURANCE PLANS:
Base Health Insurance Plan*:
Deductible - per employee $ -
Coinsurance 00% / 00%
Out-of-Pocket Maximum per employee
Additional Health Insurance Plan*:
Deductible - per employee $ -
Coinsurance 0% / 0%
Out-of-Pocket Maximum per employee $ -
Additional Health Insurance Plan*: Elements Choice PPO 6000
Deductible - per employee $ -
Coinsurance 0% / 0%
Out-of-Pocket Maximum per employee $ -
*Note: Please list only "In Network" for deducatble and out of the pocket amounts .
Generalized Criteria for Essential Health Benefits (EHB)
[following requirements outlined in the Affordable Care Act and US Code, including 42 USC Section 18022]
Covered employee's premium not to exceed 9.5% of annual wage 0 MEC
Annual Out-of-Pocket Maximum not to exceed $10,600 (2026) $0 MEC
Minimum essential health benefits covered (Company offers PPO):
(A)Ambulatory patient services
(B)Emergency services
(C)Hospitalization
(D)Maternity and newborn care
(E)Mental health/substance use disorder/behavioral health treatment
(F)Prescription drugs
(G)Rehabilitative and habilitative services and devices
(H)Laboratory services
(I)Preventive and wellness services and chronic disease management
(J)Pediatric services, including oral and vision care
No Annual Limits on Essential Health Benefits
I, the undersigned, hereby declare to the Governor's Office of Economic Development that the facts herein stated are
true, and that I have attached a qualified plan with information highlighting where our plan reflects meeting the 65%
minimum threshold for the employee paid portion of the plan for GOED to independently confirm the same.
Stephen Harrington
Name of person authorized for signature Signature
Manager 3/18/2026
13
Title Date
5(D) Paid Family and Medical Leave (PFML)
Company Name: Edgewood Renewables, LLC County: Clark
After October 1, 2023, if the business will have at least 50 full-time employees on the payroll of the business by the
eighth calendar quarter following the calendar quarter in which the abatement becomes effective the business, by
the earlier of the eighth calendar quarter following the calendar quarter in which the abatement becomes effective
or the date on which the business has at least 50 full-time employees on the payroll of the business, has a policy
for paid family and medical leave and agrees that all employees who have been employed by the business for at
least 1 year will be eligible for at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave at a rate of at least 55 percent of
the regular wage of the employee.
I, the undersigned, hereby declare to the Governor's Office of Economic Development that the facts herein stated are
true, and that the Applicant will meet this threshold for PFML.
Stephen Harrington
Name of person authorized for signature Signature
3/18/2026
Title Manager Date
14
5(E) Company Information
Company Name: Edgewood Renewables, LLC County: Clark
Section 1 - Company Interest List
Directions:Pleaseprovideadetailedlistofownersand/ormembersofthecompany.TheGovernor’sOfficeofEconomicDevelopment
strives to maintain the highest standards of integrity, and it is vital that the public be confident of our commitment. Accordingly, any
conflict or appearance of a conflict must be avoided. To maintain our integrity and credibility, the applicant is required to provide a
detailed list of owners, members, equity holders and Board members of the company.
(a) ( b)
Name Title
Edgewood Renewables, LLC Stephen Harrington, Manager
Edgewood Refinery, LLC Stephen Harrington, Manager
Edgewood Operating, LLC Stephen Harrington, Manager
Edgewood Blue, LLC Stephen Harrington, Manager
Edgewood RE Refinery, LLC Stephen Harrington, Manager
Edgewood RE Terminal, LLC Stephen Harrington, Manager
Edgewood Terminal, LLC Stephen Harrington, Manager
Section 2 - Company Affiliates and/or Subsidiaries
Are there any subsidiary or affiliate companies sharing tax liability with the applicant company? No Yes
If Yes, continue below:
Directions: In order to include affiliates/subsidiaries, under the exemption letter, they must to be added to the Contract. Per standard
practice GOED requires a corporate schematic to understand the exact relationships between the companies. Please populate the below
table to show the exact relationships between the companies and include:
1. The names as they would read on the tax exemption letter.
2. Which entity(ies) will do the hiring?
3. Which entity(ies) will be purchasing the equipment?
Name of Subsidiary or Affiliate Entity, Role and Legal Control Relationship
Edgewood Organization Chart attached hereto
Edgewood Renewables, LLC (hiring / purchasing equipment)
Edgewood Refinery, LLC (hiring / purchasing equipment / operations)
Edgewood Terminal, LLC (hiring / purchasing equipment)
Edgewood Operating, LLC (hiring / purchasing equipment)
Edgewood Blue, LLC ( purchasing equipment)
Edgewood RE Refinery, LLC (purchasing equipment)
Edgewood RE Terminal, LLC (purchasing equipment)
15
Abatement Application Addendum (for internal use / information)
Company Name: Edgewood Renewables, LLC County:Clark
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
GOED is very interested in learning about a company's current CSR / Community Engagement Activities. Does the
company have any current programs, or future plans in its Nevadan location, that it would like to list? If so please do so
below in the space below. Feel free to add space if required:
Initially, Edgewood intends to support the following:
UNLV School of Energy
Desert Research Institute to collaborate on their Renewable Energy Program
Southwest Gas to work with the emerging Tech and Innovation Department
Nevada Truckers Association
Manufacture Nevada
Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion
Would the company like to highlight any policies / practices for equity, diversity, and inclusion? Feel free to add space if
required:
Edgewood is committed to fostering, cultivating and preserving a culture of diversity, equity and inclusion. Edgewood's diversity initiatives include but are not
limited to our practices and policies on recruitment and selection; compensation and benefits; professional development and training; promotions; transfers;
social and recreational programs; layoffs; terminations; and the ongoing development of a work environment built on the premise of gender and diversity equity
that encourages and enforces:
(a) Respectful communication and cooperation between all employees;
(b) Teamwork and employee participation, permitting the representation of all groups and employee perspectives;
(c) Work/life balance through flexible work schedules to accommodate employees’ varying needs; and
(d) Employer and employee contributions to the communities we serve to promote a greater understanding and respect for the diversity.
All employees of Edgewood will have a responsibility to treat others with dignity and respect at all times. All employees are expected to exhibit conduct that
reflects inclusion during work, at work functions on or off the work site, and at all other company-sponsored and participative events. All employees are also
required to attend and complete annual diversity awareness training to enhance their knowledge to fulfill this responsibility.
Any employee found to have exhibited any inappropriate conduct or behavior against others may be subject to disciplinary action.
Employees who believe they have been subjected to any kind of discrimination that conflicts with the company’s diversity policy and initiatives may seek
assistance from a supervisor or an HR representative of Edgewood.
16
Abatement Application Addendum (for internal use / information)
Company Name: Edgewood Renewables, LLC County:Clark
Education Partnerships
Does the company have existing partnerships to recruit or advance workforce development (e.g. workforce boards,
community based organizations and education providers)? Additionally, would the company have any anticipated needs, for
this project, where GOED / RDAs can provide support? Feel free to add space if required:
Through Edgewood's strong relationship with the Las Vegas Global Economic Alliance ("LVGEA"), Edgewood will be connected with and provide support to
UNLV's Center for Energy Research. The facility directly aligns with the mission of the Center for Energy Research and supporting this organization will lead to
growth for the renewable energy industry in Nevada and specially Clark County.
In addition, LVGEA has introduced Edgewood to the UNLV School of Energy. Edgewood intends to develop a program with this school to identify internships,
apprenticeships and general workforce opportunities. These opportunities would likely consist of "Step/Start-Up Initiative" for small business and research
opportunities in the renewable fuel industry
Lastly, LVGEA has agreed to connect Edgewood with Desert Research Institute to collaborate on their Renewable Energy Program.
Supply Chain
Does the company anticipate purchasing equipment, as noted in the Capital Equipment List, from or through Nevada-
based businesses? Does the company wish to submit any notes / highlights re. this? Feel free to add space if required:
LVGEA will assist Edgewood in connecting with Local Mechanical, Electrical, and Civil Contractors to be commissioned for the project in North Las Vegas.
LVGEA will assist with connecting to Nevada Truckers Association, Manufacturer Nevada, and Clark County Aviation.
Edgewood Renewables has been in contact with Southwest Gas to work with the emerging Tech and Innovation Department.
17
Entity lnfonnation
Entity Name: EDGEWOOD RENEWABLES, LLC Entity Number: E37378292024-4
Entity Type: Foreign Limited-Liability Company Entity Status: Active
Formation Date: 01/04/2024 NV Business ID: NV20242999285
Termination Date: Annual Report Due Date: 1/31/2027
Compliance Hold: Series LLC:
Domicile Name: Edgewood Renewables, LLC Jurisdiction: Delaware -United States
Registered AGENT INFORMATION
Name of Individual or COGENCY GLOBAL INC.• Status: Active
Legal Entity:
CRA Agent Entity Registered Agent Type: Commercial Registered Agent
Type:
NV Business ID: Office or Position:
Jurisdiction:
Street Address: 321 W. WINNIE LANE #104, Carson
City, NV, 89703, USA
Mailing Address:
OFFICER INFORMATION ■ View Historical Data
Title Name Address Last Updated Status
Managing Member W. Stephen Harrington do Duffy & Sweeney. LTD, 321 South Main Street, Suite 400, Providence, RI, 02903, USA 01/04/2024 Active
Page 1 of 11 records 1 to 1 of 1
18
CONFIDENTIAL
EDGEWOOD RENEWABLES
PROJECT OVERVIEW
Q1 2026
19
Edgewood Renewables Overview
Edgewood Renewables (“Edgewood” or “the Company”) has developed an industry-leading RNG to
Renewable Gasoline project in Las Vegas, NV
Renewable
Gasoline
Bio-intermediate
RNG
(Methanol / Ethanol)
(Renewable Nat Gas)
~1,500 bbl / day
~4,700 MMBtu / day
~22mm gal per Year
Key Strategic Partners
Feedstock Supply Product Offtake
• Edgewood has entered into an
agreement to partner with a Large
• Edgewood intends to expand U.S.
RNG Consolidator to supply RNG to
Energy’s role as the Project’s terminal
the Project.
operator to including gasoline blending
• Edgewood will also be generating and offtake services into California.
3MW of its own electricity through the
• U.S. Energy supplies gas stations with
process
both branded and un-branded gasoline,
including CBOB, RBOB, Premium,
CARBOB, AZRBOB, Avgas, and High-
Octane Grades
20
CONFIDENTIAL
Edgewood’s Refining Process
Edgewood is combining three proven technologies in a unique arrangement that maximizes product value.
Conversion Process
Renewable
Renewable
Natural Gas
Syngas Bio-Methanol Gasoline
(Low-CI H2, CO2)
Steam Methane Methanol Plant Gasoline
Reformer (SMR) Reactors
H2O, LPG
1. Liquid yield reflects the BTU in the gasoline product compared to the BTU of RNG purchased 21
2. Renewable hydrogen is an intermediate product and is consumed by the hydrotreater. Low CI hydrogen qualifies for 45V
CONFIDENTIAL
Las Vegas Site Overview
New Infrastructure Rendering
100 mbbls of tank storage 30,000 sq ft warehouse Water Emergency
Steam Methane
and control center treatment Flare
Reformer
4 truck loading
racks
9 rail spurs, 56
rail car spots
Methanol/Gasoline 160k gal
Reactors QC Tanks 10 MW
Substation
Existing Infrastructure To Be Constructed
22
CONFIDENTIAL
Select Partners and Service Providers
Partner Service Commentary
Offtake • Leading global commodity trading company with significant midstream, downstream and logistics expertise
Natural Gas Supply • Natural Gas Supplier for the Project and one of the largest utilities in Las Vegas, NV
Independent Engineer • Independent engineering company that specializes in downstream oil & gas, biofuels and petrochemical industries
Environmental
• Consulting, auditing and advisory firm with an exclusive focus on energy transition
Engineer
• Vertically integrated energy solutions provider that owns and operates in refined products and alternative fuels
Terminal Operator
terminals
Business & Political
• Full service political consulting, public affairs, government relations, polling, and digital media firm
Consultant
Legal Advisors • Global law firm with significant experience with EPC construction contracts
• Global organization of independent professional services firms providing Audit, Tax and Advisory services
Tax Credit Advisors
• Evaluating tax credit applicability for Edgewood
23
CONFIDENTIAL
World Class Management Team
Edgewood is led by an experienced team of professionals with deep financial, engineering, political, legal and business
acumen that have successfully developed, financed, constructed, and operated complex new industry businesses
• Co-Founder of Edgewood Renewables with strong background in financial structuring, regulatory matters, and commercial contracts
Stephen Harrington
• Co-founded, built, and sold previous business in emerging industry for multiple hundred million dollar exit in 2021
CEO & Co-Founder
• Original Team Member of Orkila Capital, a Private Equity Firm with ~$1bn of AUM focused on Growth Equity and Special Situation
Opportunities
• Guggenheim Partners Structured Finance/Credit Division with emphasis on Special Situations in Esoteric Credit, Structuring, Private
Equity, and Complex Collateralized Instruments
• Education Princeton University, Economics
Stephen P. Harrington Sr
• Successful 35+ year serial entrepreneur in the Energy, Logistics, Technology, and Emerging Markets Sector with deep expertise in
Senior Advisor &
developing and financing upstart projects, venture capital, private equity, and public markets
Co-Founder
• Partnered, financed and/or served on the boards of multiple public companies including: Coastal Energy Company, sold to CEPSA for
$2.3B; Radiant Logistics, NYSE (RLGT); Endeavor International Corp; and Continental Southern Resources
• Education Yale University
Daniel Brown
• 10 years of Renewable Fuels Project Development, Project Finance and Engineering Analysis
Executive Vice President
• Involved in engineering & design, construction management, permitting, IE analysis for multiple renewable diesel facilities
• Led financial modeling and price forecasting, market analysis, regulatory and tax credit analysis
• Previously was an enterprise solutions consultant at Oracle in the Oil & Gas sector
Josh Celeste
Chief Operating Officer • 20+ years of broad-based transactional experience navigating multi-faceted business transactions which includes domestic and
and General Counsel international acquisitions, dispositions, and mergers; complex restructurings and recapitalizations; and diverse governance issues
• Also experienced in matters specific to renewable fuels, such as project development, compliance with environmental regulations,
contract negotiations for S&O agreements, and strategic partnerships within the industry
Brandon Buff
Construction Manager • Held various leadership roles in government contracting, renewable fuels, an industry leading construction company
and Operations Lead
• Previously was a Project Controls Manager over Construction at MSTS, a JV between Honeywell, Jacobs and HII Nuclear
• Previously a Vice President / Project Manager at New-Com
New-Com Inc.
24
CONFIDENTIAL
World Class Advisory Team
Edgewood is advised by an experienced team with deep financial, engineering, political, legal and business acumen that
have successfully developed, financed, constructed, and operated complex new industry businesses
Osmar Abib • Founder of the SeracFund, an energy focused investment fund
Senior Advisor to CEO
on Energy • Previously the Global Head of Energy for Credit Suisse Energy Group
• Serves on the WACA National Board, the Board of Advisors at the Rice Jones Business School, the Corporation Board of the Woods
Hole Oceanographic Institute, and Advisory Board of Pickering Energy Partners
• Holds a degree in Chemical Engineering from Rice University and an MBA from Harvard Business School
Michael Brown
• Over 20 years of Project Development, Project Finance and Engineering Analysis
Chief Technical Advisor
• Advises on engineering & design, technology review selection and application, construction management, chemistry matters
• Previously spent 10+ years at Exxon Production Research
• Chemistry and Chemical Engineering Degree from Rice University
Michael Munroe • Held various leadership positions with expertise in General Management, Operations, Maintenance, Outage Management,
Operations Advisor Engineering, and Training in the power generation industry
• Previously the Chief Operating Officer at Contour Global
• Previously a General Manager at NRG overseeing renewables and thermal power plants
• Previously worked at Talen Energy, PPL, TVA, Progress Energy in various operations and maintenance roles
• Over 45 years of engineering and project management experience in the Oil & Gas sector, including the CEO of a Process Safety
Mark Landrum
Management (PSM) and project management firm in Houston
Technical and
Risk Advisor
• Chaired PHA, HAZID, HAZOP, LOPA, SIL and Risk workshops for major projects
• Oversaw facility siting studies, building risk assessments, constructability analyses, and environmental permitting
• Detailed engineering and design of a various processes, including FT, GTL, CTL, hydrotreating and catalytic reforming units
25
CONFIDENTIAL