Storey County, NV — Planning Commission
Meeting date: 2025-02-06
Document: Agenda (Planning Commission Meeting)
Source: https://storeycounty.org/AgendaCenter/ViewFile/Agenda/_02062025-1264

Storey County Planning Commission
Meeting Agenda
Thursday February 6, 2025 at 6:00 p.m.
Storey County Courthouse, District Courtroom*
26 South B Street, Virginia City, NV
Jim Umbach – Chairman Alexia Sober- Vice Chairman
Rachel Holderread – Planning Commissioner Kristen Brown – Planning Commissioner
Lee Sterrett – Planning Commissioner Denise Victorine – Planning Commissioner
Carlos Negrete – Planning Commissioner
*Storey County Planning Commission is hosting an in person only meeting this month. Technical difficulties
have prevented the use of attendance by Zoom. Public comment may be made in person at the meeting or by
email to planning@storeycounty.org or by phone at 775.847.1144.
For additional information or supporting documents please contact the
Storey County Planning Department at 775-847-1144.
All items include discussion and possible action to approve, modify, deny, or continue unless marked
otherwise.
1. Call to Order at 6:00 p.m.
2. Roll Call
3. Pledge of Allegiance
4. Election of Chairperson of the Planning Commission for 2025.
5. Election of Vice-Chairperson of the Planning Commission for 2025.
6. Discussion/For Possible Action: Approval of Agenda for February 6, 2025.
7. Discussion/For Possible Action: Approval of Minutes for December 5, 2024.
8. Discussion/For Possible Action: Special Use Permit (File 2025-010). The applicant’s request is for a
Special Use Permit to utilize land severed from a patented mining claim to be used as a public cemetery.
The parcel of land will be created with Parcel Map Permit File 2025-011. The parcel will be 4.92 acres in
size and be transferred to Storey County for use as an extension to the existing public cemetery. The
property is located east of North Q Street and north of Mill Street on land formerly maintained by the
Bureau of Land Management, patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio Relocation, Storey County #800-
000-20 (land within APN 001-312-17 and 001-312-16).
1
9. Discussion/For Possible Action: Parcel Map (File 2025-011). The applicant requests a parcel map to sever
the surface rights from the mineral rights for a portion of land associated with the patented mining claim
USS #2581 Ohio Relocation, Storey County #800-000-20. The severance of surface rights from the mineral
rights will create a proposed surface parcel of approximately 4.92 acres in size. Once created, the parcel
will be transferred to Storey County to be utilized as a part of the existing Storey County cemetery. The
property is located East of North Q Street and north of Mill Street on land formerly maintained by the
Bureau of Land Management, patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio Relocation, Storey County #800-
000-20 (land within APN 001-312-17and 001-312-16). The remainder of the patented mining claim will
remain as a mining claim and will not sever the surface rights, and a second parcel of land will not be
created.
10. Discussion/For Possible Action: Special Use Permit (File 2025-001). The applicant requests a Special Use
permit to allow for additional building height beyond the 75-feet allowed by the applicable zoning
ordinance. The applicant proposes the maximum building heights to be approximately 120-feet to
accommodate anticipated multiple story buildings with needs for additional ceiling height for each story.
This Special Use Permit request is for a maximum height of 125-feet to allow for a buffer as final
equipment and building design have not yet been completed. This additional height will apply to the three
contiguous parcels of land where multiple buildings are anticipated to be constructed. The property is
located within the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center, at 2300 Peru Drive, McCarran, Storey County, NV,
Assessor’s Parcel Numbers 005-012-24, 005-012-25 and 005-012-26.
11. Discussion/For Possible Action: Special Use Permit (File 2025-002). The applicant requests for additional
building height beyond the 75-feet allowed by the applicable zoning ordinance. The applicant proposes the
maximum building heights to be approximately 120-feet to accommodate anticipated multiple story
buildings with needs for additional ceiling height for each story. This Special Use Permit request is for a
maximum height of 125-feet to allow for a buffer as final equipment and building design have not yet been
completed. This additional height will apply to the existing two contiguous parcels of land where multiple
buildings are anticipated to be constructed. The property is located within the Tahoe Reno Industrial
Center, at 2200 Peru Drive, McCarran, Storey County, NV, Assessor’s Parcel Numbers 005-012-27 and
005-012-28.
12. Discussion/For Possible Action: Special Use Permit (File 2025-003). The applicant requests for additional
building height beyond the 75-feet allowed by the applicable zoning ordinance. The applicant proposes the
maximum building heights to be approximately 120-feet to accommodate anticipated multiple story
buildings with needs for additional ceiling height for each story. This Special Use Permit request is for a
maximum height of 125-feet to allow for a buffer as final equipment and building design have not yet been
completed. This additional height will apply to the seven contiguous parcels of land where multiple
buildings are anticipated to be constructed. The property is located adjacent to USA Parkway at the Storey
County/Lyon County boundary at 9000 USA Parkway, Storey County, NV, Assessor’s Parcel Numbers
APN 004-171-25, 26, 27, 28 & 30 and 004-181-11 & 13.
13. Discussion/For Possible Action: Determination of next Planning Commission meeting.
14. Discussion/For Possible Action: Approval of Claims.
15. Correspondence (no action)
16. Public Comment (no action)
17. Staff (no action)
18. Board Comments (no action)
19. Adjournment
2
Notes:
• Supporting material is available to the public and may be obtained at
https://www.storeycounty.org/government/departments/clerk/agendas___minutes/planning_commission.php or the Storey County Courthouse,
Planning Department, 26 South B Street, Virginia City, Nevada.
• There may be a quorum of Storey County Commissioners in attendance, but no action or discussion will be taken by the Commissioners.
• Public comment will be allowed after each item on the agenda (this comment should be limited to the item on the agenda). Public comment will
also be allowed at the end of each meeting (this comment should be limited to matters not on the agenda).
• Items on the agenda may be taken out of order, the public body may combine two or more agenda items for consideration, and the public body
may remove an item from the agenda or delay discussion relating to an item on the agenda at any time.
• Additional information pertaining to any item on this agenda may be requested from Lyndi Renaud, Planning Department (775-847-1144).
• Supporting material is available to the public and may be obtained at
https://www.storeycounty.org/government/departments/clerk/agendas___minutes/planning_commission.php or the Storey County Courthouse,
Planning Department, 26 South B Street, Virginia City, Nevada.
Certification of Posting
I, Lyndi Renaud on behalf of the Storey County Planning Commission, do hereby certify that I posted, or caused to be posted, a copy of this Agenda at the
following location on or before January 28, 2025: Storey County Courthouse and Storey County website at https://www.storeycounty.org/agendacenter.
And the Nevada State website at https://notice.nv.gov/. Courtesy copies of the agenda may be posted at the Storey County Community Development;
Virginia City Fire Station 71; Mark Twain Community Center; Lockwood Community/Senior Center; Canyon GID; Lockwood Fire Station; Virginia City
Highlands Fire Station; Virginia City Highlands Online Message Board.
By Lyndi Renaud, Secretary of the Planning Commission
3
STOREY COUNTY PLANNING COMMISSION
MEETING
Thursday December 5, 2024 at 6:00 p.m.
Storey County Courthouse, District Courtroom
26 S B Street, Virginia City, Nevada
MEETING MINUTES
CHAIRMAN: Jim Umbach VICE-CHAIRMAN: Alexia Sober
COMMISSIONERS:
Lee Sterrett, Donny Gilman, Denise Victorine, Carlos Negrete, At Large-Vacant
Call to Order: The meeting was called to order by the Chairman at 6:00 P.M.
1.
Roll Call: Jim Umbach, Lee Sterrett, Donny Gilman, Carlos Negrete, Denise Victorine.
Absent: Alexia Sober.
Also Present: Planning Manager Kathy Canfield, Deputy District Attorney Brian Brown, and County Manager
Austin Osborne.
Pledge of Allegiance: The Chairman led the Pledge of Allegiance.
2.
Discussion/For Possible Action: Approval of Agenda for December 5, 2024.
Motion: Approval of Agenda for December 5, 2024, Action: Approve, Moved by Commissioner Sterrett,
3.
Seconded by Commissioner Negrete, Vote: Motion carried by unanimous vote (summary: Yes=5).
No Public Comment.
Discussion/For Possible Action: Approval of Minutes for November 7, 2024.
4. Motion: Approval of Minutes for November 7, 2024, Action: Approve, Moved by Commissioner Sterrett,
Seconded by Commissioner Gilman, Vote: Motion carried by unanimous vote (summary: Yes=5).
No Public Comment.
Discussion Only/For Possible Action: Resolution No. 2024-752, a Resolution Adopting the 2024 Storey County
Master Plan. The resolution includes comprehensive text amendments to the existing Storey County Master Plan,
5.
including the following elements: Land Use; Population; Housing; Economic Development; Transportation; Public
Services and Facilities; Water and Natural Resources; Cultural and Historical Resources; and other provisions
thereof. The resolution also includes comprehensive map amendments to the existing Storey County Master Plan
area and land use designation maps. A copy of the proposed resolution, and proposed draft master plan chapters and
master plan maps are available from the Storey County Planning Department, at 26 South B Street in Virginia City,
Nevada, 775-847-1144 or email Staff at planning@storeycounty.org. The document can be viewed at the link below.
https://www.storeycounty.org/728/MASTER-PLAN-Update-2024
1
Planning Manager Canfield: Discussed the progression of the master plan update and summarized overall changes to
the plan. There are a few minor modifications in progress that do not change the content, and the plan is ready for
adoption.
The plan has been posted on the website and a clean copy has been available for viewing as well. Meetings were
held in each community in the County during the last couple of years and Staff is now asking the Planning
Commission for adoption of the master plan. Tom Zachry, a resident, is here tonight to give public comment. Staff
met with him a few days ago and heard his concerns.
Public Comment: Tom Zachry, resident of Flowery Range/Mark Twain area. Zachry explained that he moved to the
property behind the Basalite Mine off Sutro Springs Rd in 1980 but bought it in 1972. Mr. Zachry explained his
concerns with maintaining his and the community’s rural lifestyle and the proposed transition zones in this area
specifically the planned unit developments. Water availability is a major concern if a planned unit development in
this area is proposed in the future. Zachry also stated his dislike for alternative energy specifically wind turbines.
He mentioned his appreciation to Staff for being available to meet with him and hear his concerns and wanted to
introduce himself to the planning commissioners and explain his concerns.
County Manager Austin Osborne responded to Mr. Zachry and thanked him for his input. Osborne explained that he
understands and shares Mr. Zachry’s concerns. Any proposed planned unit development would need to go through a
zone change process with the planning commission and county commission. The public would also be engaged in
this process. There are controls in place that allow the County to guide proposed developments and develop them in
the best interest of the County and its residents. Any developer would be required to prove that water is available to
serve the development. Mr. Osborne appreciates and respects Mr. Zachry and shares the same concerns. Staff,
members of the commission and Mr. Zachry continued to discuss planned unit development impacts and benefits of
the proposed transition zones in the Mark Twain/Flowery Range area.
To obtain a recording of the meeting please email planning@storeycounty.org or call the office at 775.847.1144
Motion: I, Planning Commissioner Sterrett move to approve and adopt the Master Plan Resolution 24-752 including
the minor modifications discussed, Action: Approve, Moved by Commissioner Sterrett, Seconded by
Commissioner Negrete,
Planning Manager Canfield read the following into the record: Resolution Number 24-752
A Resolution adopting the 2024 Storey County Master Plan
Vote: Motion carried by unanimous vote (summary: Yes=5).
No additional public comment.
Discussion/For Possible Action: Determination of next planning commission meeting.
6.
The next planning commission will be determined by Staff as needed. No action was taken.
No Public Comment
Correspondence (No Action) – None
7.
Public Comment (No Action) – None
8.
Staff (No Action) – Planning Manager Canfield told the commission that Staff have received two letters of interest
for the At Large vacancy on the planning commission and will be conducting interviews in December. The new
9.
2
commissioner will likely be appointed in January. There are also a few planning commissioner positions that expire
at the end of December and Staff have received re-appointment requests.
Board Comments (No Action) – Commissioners Sterrett and Chairman Umbach thanked Commissioner Gilman for
serving on the commission as he is moving on the County Commission in January. Chairman Umbach also
10.
mentioned he passed his AICP exam. Commissioners congratulated him.
Adjournment (No Action) - The meeting was adjourned at 6:47 p.m.
11.
To obtain a recording of the meeting please email planning@storeycounty.org or call the office at 775.847.1144
Respectfully Submitted, By Lyndi Renaud
3
STOREY COUNTY
PLANNING DEPARTMENT
Storey County Courthouse
26 South B Street, PO Box 176, Virginia City, NV 89440 Phone (775)
847-1144 – Fax (775) 847-0949
planning@storeycounty.org
To: Storey County Planning Commission
From: Storey County Planning Department
Meeting Date: February 6, 2025
Meeting Location: Storey County Courthouse, 26 S. B Street, Virginia City, Storey County, Nevada
Staff Contact: Kathy Canfield
File: 2025-011
Applicant: Storey County
Property Owner: Con-Virginia Mining Company
Property Location: East of North Q Street and north of Mill Street on land formerly maintained by
the Bureau of Land Management, patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio
Relocation, Storey County #800-000-20 (land within APN 001-312-17and 001-
312-16).
Request: A Parcel Map to sever the surface rights from the mineral rights for a portion of
land associated with the patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio Relocation,
Storey County #800-000-20. The severance of surface rights from the mineral
rights will create a proposed surface parcel of approximately 4.92 acres in size.
Once created, the parcel will be transferred to Storey County to be utilized as a
part of the existing Storey County cemetery. The property is located East of
North Q Street and north of Mill Street on land formerly maintained by the
Bureau of Land Management, patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio
Relocation, Storey County #800-000-20 (land within APN 001-312-17and 001-
312-16). The remainder of the patented mining claim will remain as a mining
claim and will not sever the surface rights and a second parcel of land will not be
created.
1. Background & Analysis
A. Site Location & Background. The proposed parcel map is located adjacent to the existing
Silver Terrace cemeteries in Virginia City. There are multiple different entities that take care
of the different segments of the cemetery, including the Catholic cemetery, Virginia City
1
Fireman’s cemetery, the Masons and others. One portion of the cemetery is controlled by
Storey County and is a cemetery that is open to the public for burials if a person has ties to
Storey County. This Storey County portion of the cemetery is approaching capacity and a
new area is necessary if the cemetery is going to continue accepting burials.
Storey County has worked with a surrounding property owner to acquire an approximate
4.92 acres of land. This will allow for an additional 100+ burial locations. The land to be
acquired is a part of a patented mining claim and this parcel map allows for the creation of
the parcel and the subsequent transfer of ownership to Storey County. As part of the
acquisition, the existing property owner has requested a family plot be reserved which
Storey County has agreed to. This is shown on the proposed parcel map.
Green lines approximate location, not to scale
2
Location Map
B. Proposed Project. The proposed parcel map will sever the surface rights from the mineral
rights and create a new 4.92 parcel of land from an existing patented mining claim. The new
parcel will be transferred to Storey County and the remainder of the patented mining claim
will remain as-is. The owner of the patented mining claim will retain the mineral rights for
the newly created 4.92 parcel.
Parcel 1 is the proposed parcel to be created and the surface and mineral rights severed. Parcel 2 is
the remainder parcel that will continue as the patented mining claim
3
Enlargement of Parcel 1
Enlargement of remaining parcel.
4
C. Parcel Maps. Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS) sections 278.461 through 278.469 defines the
requirements for Parcel Maps. Storey County has adopted Chapter 16.30 of the Storey
County Code to also address Parcel Maps. This proposed project has been reviewed to be
consistent with both NRS and Storey County requirements. Typically, a Parcel Map process
provides for a Tentative Parcel Map and a Final Parcel Map. Because of the simplicity of this
application, Planning staff is requesting the Planning Commission recommend waiving the
requirement for a Tentative Parcel Map. Review of this application considered the
requirements for both the Tentative Map and the Final Map.
2. Use Compatibility and Compliance
A. Compatibility with surrounding uses and zones. The following table documents land uses,
zoning classification and master plan designations for the land at and surrounding the
proposed project. There are no evident conflicts between the proposed Parcel Map and
Storey County Title 17 Zoning or the 2024 Master Plan.
B. Compliance with the Storey County Code. The parcel is located within the F Forestry
zoning district. This zoning district has a minimum parcel size of 40 acres. In this case, the
existing mining claim has a size that was historically established and is considered a legally
established non-conforming parcel as the size is less than 40 acres. By severing the surface
rights from the mineral rights for the 4.92 acre area and retaining the remainder of the area
as a patented mining claim, only the 4.92 acres will become a parcel of land applicable to
the zoning code. The 4.92 acre parcel is zoned Forestry and the Forestry land does allow for
a parcel size smaller than the 40 acre minimum when the land use proposed is considered a
civic use and is associated with a special use permit. The proposed property will be
transferred to Storey County and the land use will be for a public cemetery. The existing
area has no existing building features and is compliant with setbacks. The proposed use is
subject Special Use Permit File 2025-010.
C. Compliance with 2024 Storey County Master Plan.
This project is located within Virginia City Area of the 2024 Storey County Master Plan. The
Master Plan does not identify any specific concerns for additional consideration for this site.
The proposed parcel map will not change the physical appearance of the area as the
proposed parcel will be used as an extension to the existing cemetery located to the west of
the property. No changes are proposed for the remaining area of the original mining claim.
D. Findings for Tentative Parcel Maps
Section 16.30.060 of the Storey County Code identifies the following factors to be
considered when making a determination on the approval of a Parcel Map.
(1) The property to be divided is zoned for the intended uses and the density and
design of the division conforms to the requirements of the zoning regulations
contained in the county code.
5
The proposed property is zoned F Forestry. The Forestry zoning district allows for
less than 40 acre minimum parcel sizes if the use is associated with a special use
permit for civic uses. The proposed use will be for a cemetery and the special use
permit for this cemetery parcel is evaluated in Special Use Permit 2025-010.
(2) The proposed parcel map conforms to the public facilities and improvement
standards of this county land development code.
The proposed Parcel map does not impact the public facilities and improvement
standards of the county land development code.
(3) The proposed parcel map conforms to the design standards manual.
The proposed parcel configurations are consistent with the design standards.
(4) The developer and successor owners of each new parcel created understand that
the county, county fire protection district, county school district, and special
districts in the county are not obligated to furnish any service, specifically
mentioning fire protection and roads to the land so divided, and that any public
utility may be similarly free from obligation.
This Parcel Map is not expected to impact roads, fire protection and other public
utility facilities.
(5) There are no delinquent taxes or assessments on the land to be divided, as certified
by the county treasurer.
The existing patented mining claim associated with the property meets this
requirement.
(6) The project is not located within an identified archeological or cultural study area,
as recognized by the county.
This property is not located within a county recognized identified archeological or
cultural study area.
(7) The proposed parcel map that is adjacent to public lands will not cause substantial
adverse impact to access to public lands.
No modification to public access to surrounding public land is proposed.
(8) The proposed parcel map conforms to the county zoning ordinance and master
plan.
The Parcel Map conforms to the zoning ordinance and master plan, see Sections 2.B
and 2.C of this staff report.
(9) The proposed parcel map accounts for physical characteristics of the land including
floodplains, slope and soils.
The proposed parcel configurations follow the boundaries of the patented mining
claim.
(10) Applicant for the parcel map will relinquish to the state division of water resources
water rights necessary to ensure an adequate water supply for the domestic use of
6
the newly created parcel(s) from within the water basin in which the parcel map is
located.
The newly created parcel will be transferred to Storey County to be utilized as an
extension to the existing public cemetery which is a civic use, not a domestic
(residential) land use. No significant water usage is expected for the cemetery land
use. No additional water rights are necessary for the proposed parcel of land. This
existing cemetery is served by the Storey County municipal system. No changes to
the overall water system service are proposed with this parcel map.
3. Findings of Fact
The Storey County Planning Commission shall cite Findings in a recommended motion for approval,
approval with conditions, or denial. The recommended approval, approval with conditions or denial
of the requested Parcel Map must be based on Findings. The Findings listed in the following
subsections are the minimum to be cited. The Planning Commission may include additional Findings
in their decision.
A. Motion for Approval. The following Findings of Fact are the minimum to be cited for a
recommendation of approval or approval with conditions. The following Findings are
evident with regards to the requested Parcel Map when the recommended conditions of
approval in Section 4 are applied. At a minimum, an approval or conditional approval must
be based on the following Findings:
(1) This approval is for a Parcel Map to sever the surface rights from the mineral rights
for a portion of land associated with the patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio
Relocation, Storey County #800-000-20. The severance of surface rights from the
mineral rights will create a proposed surface parcel of approximately 4.92 acres in
size. Once created, the parcel will be transferred to Storey County to be utilized as a
part of the existing Storey County cemetery. The property is located East of North Q
Street and north of Mill Street on land formerly maintained by the Bureau of Land
Management, patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio Relocation, Storey County
#800-000-20 (land within APN 001-312-17and 001-312-16). The remainder of the
patented mining claim will remain as a mining claim and will not sever the surface
rights and a second parcel of land will not be created.
(2) The Parcel Map complies with NRS 278.461 through 278.469 relating to Parcel Maps
and Chapter 16.30 of the Storey County Code, including the specific criteria outlined
in Section 2.D of this staff report.
(3) The Parcel Map complies with all Federal, State, and County regulations pertaining
to Parcel Maps.
(4) The Parcel Map will not impose substantial adverse impacts or safety hazards on the
abutting properties or the surrounding vicinity.
(5) The Parcel Map will not cause the public to be materially injured.
(6) The conditions of approval for the requested Parcel Map do not conflict with the
minimum requirements in Storey County Code Chapters 17.15 P Public zone or any
other Federal, State, or County regulations.
7
B. Motion for Denial. Should a recommended motion be made to deny the Parcel Map
request, the following Findings with explanation of why should be included in that motion.
(1) Substantial evidence shows that the Parcel Map with the purpose, intent, and other
specific requirement of Storey County Code Chapter 16.30 Parcel Maps, or any
other Federal, State, or County regulations, including NRS 278.461 through 278.469.
(2) The Recommended Conditions of Approval for the Parcel Map does not adequately
mitigate potential adverse impacts on surrounding uses or protect against potential
safety hazards for surrounding uses.
4. Recommended Conditions of Approval
All conditions must be met to the satisfaction of each applicable County Department, unless
otherwise stated.
A. Approval. This approval for a Parcel Map to sever the surface rights from the mineral rights
for a portion of land associated with the patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio Relocation,
Storey County #800-000-20. The severance of surface rights from the mineral rights will
create a proposed surface parcel of approximately 4.92 acres in size. Once created, the
parcel will be transferred to Storey County to be utilized as a part of the existing Storey
County cemetery. The property is located East of North Q Street and north of Mill Street on
land formerly maintained by the Bureau of Land Management, patented mining claim USS
#2581 Ohio Relocation, Storey County #800-000-20 (land within APN 001-312-17and 001-
312-16). The remainder of the patented mining claim will remain as a mining claim and will
not sever the surface rights and a second parcel of land will not be created.
B. General requirements. The Parcel Map must comply with Nevada Revised Statues (NRS)
278.461 through 278.469 relating to Parcel Maps and Chapter 16.30 of the Storey County
Code.
C. Final Map. The applicant shall submit to the Storey County Planning Department a Final
Map for review and approval, whether or not the Planning Commission/Board of County
Commissioners waive the requirement of a Tentative Map, before the Final Map is recorded
with the Office of the Storey County Recorder. The Final Map must show all parcel
boundaries, easements, and rights-of-way. Upon acceptance of the format, and completion
of all other conditions of approval, the Final Map may be recorded. The Final Map must
meet the form and contents pursuant to NRS 278.466.
D. Access and Easements. All existing streets, easements, and utility easements (unless
approved for abandonment), whether public or private, must remain in effect and be
delineated clearly on the Final Map.
E. Duties of the Parcel Map Preparer. The preparer of the proposed Parcel Map shall meet all
requirements pursuant to NRS 278.461 through 278.469.
F. Null and Void. The Final Parcel Map must be recorded with the Storey County Recorder
within 12 months of the Board’s approval. If the Final Map is not recorded by that time, this
approval will become null and void.
8
G. Special Use Permit. The final map shall not be recorded until evidence of approval and
acceptance of the Special Use Permit (File 2025-010) has been received by the Planning
Department.
5. Public Comment
As of January 28, 2025, Staff have received no comments from the public.
6. Power of the Board and Planning Commission
At the conclusion of the hearing, the Planning Commission must take such action thereon as it
deems warranted under the circumstances and announce and record its action by formal
resolution, and such resolution must recite the findings of the Planning Commission upon which it
bases its decision. The decision of the Planning Commission in the matter of granting the Approval is
advisory only to the Board of County Commissioners and that governing body must consider the
report and recommendation and must make such a decision thereon as it deems warranted.
7. Proposed Motions
This Section contains two motions from which to choose. The motion for approval is recommended
by Staff in accordance with the findings under Section 3.A of this report. Those findings should be
made part of that motion. A motion for denial may be made and that motion should cite one or
more of the findings shown in Section 3.B. Other findings of fact determined appropriate by the
Planning Commission should be made part of either motion.
A. Recommended Motion (motion for approval)
In accordance with the recommendation by staff, the Findings under section 3.A of the Staff
Report as read into the record by staff, and in compliance with all Conditions of Approval, I
[Planning Commissioner], hereby recommend waiving the requirement for a Tentative Map
and recommend approval of a Parcel Map to sever the surface rights from the mineral rights
for a portion of land associated with the patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio Relocation,
Storey County #800-000-20. The severance of surface rights from the mineral rights will
create a proposed surface parcel of approximately 4.92 acres in size. Once created, the
parcel will be transferred to Storey County to be utilized as a part of the existing Storey
County cemetery. The property is located East of North Q Street and north of Mill Street on
land formerly maintained by the Bureau of Land Management, patented mining claim USS
#2581 Ohio Relocation, Storey County #800-000-20 (land within APN 001-312-17and 001-
312-16). The remainder of the patented mining claim will remain as a mining claim and will
not sever the surface rights and a second parcel of land will not be created.
B. Alternative Motion (motion for denial)
In accordance with the Findings under section 3.B of this report and other Findings against
the recommendation for approval with conditions by Staff, I [Planning Commissioner],
hereby recommend denial of a Parcel Map to sever the surface rights from the mineral
rights for a portion of land associated with the patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio
Relocation, Storey County #800-000-20. The severance of surface rights from the mineral
rights will create a proposed surface parcel of approximately 4.92 acres in size. Once
9
created, the parcel will be transferred to Storey County to be utilized as a part of the
existing Storey County cemetery. The property is located East of North Q Street and north
of Mill Street on land formerly maintained by the Bureau of Land Management, patented
mining claim USS #2581 Ohio Relocation, Storey County #800-000-20 (land within APN 001-
312-17and 001-312-16). The remainder of the patented mining claim will remain as a
mining claim and will not sever the surface rights and a second parcel of land will not be
created.
10
Storey County
Planning Department
Storey County Courthouse
26 South B Street, PO Box 190, Virginia City, Nevada 89440
Phone 775-847-1144 – Fax 775-847-0949
planning@storeycounty.org
To: Storey County Planning Commission
From: Storey County Planning Department
Meeting Date: February 6, 2025
Meeting Location: Storey County Courthouse, 26 South “B” Street, Virginia City, Nevada
Staff Contact: Kathy Canfield
File: Special Use Permit File 2025-001
Applicant: NVPRU01 Inc., NVPRU02 Inc., and NVPRU03 Inc. (contact Mitch Nelson)
Property Owners: NVPRU01 Inc., NVPRU02 Inc., and NVPRU03 Inc.
Property Location: 2300 Peru Drive, Tahoe-Reno Industrial Center, McCarran, Storey County,
Nevada, APN 005-012-24, 005-012-25 and 005-012-26.
Request: The applicant requests Special Use Permit 2025-001 for additional building
height beyond the 75-feet allowed by the applicable zoning ordinance. The
applicant proposes the maximum building heights to be approximately 120-feet
to accommodate anticipated multiple story buildings with needs for additional
ceiling height for each story. This Special Use Permit request is for a maximum
height of 125-feet to allow for a buffer as final equipment and building design
have not yet been completed. This additional height will apply to the three
contiguous parcels of land where multiple buildings are anticipated to be
constructed. The property is located within the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center, at
2300 Peru Drive, McCarran, Storey County, NV, Assessor’s Parcel Numbers 005-
012-24, 005-012-25 and 005-012-26.
1. Background & Analysis
A. Background. This application is associated with several proposed buildings sites for a
proposed data center campus. The new buildings are proposed to allow for data
storage warehouses and the additional height is necessary to accommodate the
anticipated equipment needs, internal infrastructure (such as heating/cooling systems)
1 of 9
and clearance requirements. It is anticipated the final designs will require a height of
120 feet or less, however, this Special Use Permit is requesting a height of 125-feet to
allow for possible modifications to the design as the final design has not yet been
completed.
B. Site Location. The project is located at 2300 Peru Drive, within the Tahoe Reno
Industrial Center, McCarran, Storey County, Nevada. The additional height will be for
new buildings on currently vacant land.
Vicinity Map
Location Map
2 of 9
C. Proposed Project. The proposed project consists of new buildings on vacant land
associated with a proposed data center campus. The new buildings are anticipated to
be warehouse data centers. The applicant is proposing to construct multiple story
buildings to maximize the footprint of the buildings without needing additional land
area. The internal ceiling height for the data center requires additional height to allow
for equipment, internal infrastructure needs and clearance requirements. The overall
building heights are anticipated to reach 120-feet. This Special Use Permit requests
additional height up to a maximum of 125-feet to allow for a buffer for the final design.
D. Height. The proposed project is located within the I-2 Heavy Industrial zoning within
the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center. The 1999 Storey County Zoning Code is applicable to
the property per the Storey County and Tahoe Reno Industrial Center Development
Agreement. The maximum height allowed for the I-2 zoning district is 75-feet. A
Special Use Permit can allow for additional height.
The applicant has anticipated the maximum heights of the proposed buildings to be
approximately 120 feet. This Special Use Permit requests a total height of 125 feet to
allow for a buffer for when final design of the structures is completed.
The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) may require that structures in close proximity
to an aviation flightpath or height in excess of 200 feet be marked, typically with marker
balls, a warning light and/or painting the structures to make them more visible to
aviation. Because of the project location and the proposed height is less than 200 feet,
this is not expected to be needed, but as conditioned, the project will follow any
requirements necessary to comply with FAA requirements.
2. Compatibility and Compliance
A. Compatibility with surrounding uses and zones.
The following table documents land uses, zoning classifications, and master plan
designations for the land at and surrounding the proposed project. The proposed
properties along with the surrounding properties are all located within the boundaries
of the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center.
B. Compliance with Zoning. The proposed property is located within the Tahoe Reno
Industrial Center and is subject to the Development Agreement between the Tahoe
Reno Industrial Center and Storey County. The 1999 Zoning Code is applicable to the
property which is identified as I-2 Heavy Industrial. The additional height beyond the
permissible 75 feet is allowed with a Special Use Permit.
3 of 9
C. General use allowances and restrictions. The 1999 Storey County Code Section 17.62,
Special Uses, identifies the administration for the Board and Planning Commission for
allowing a special use permit. The approval, approval with conditions, or denial of the
Special Use Permit must be based on findings of fact that the proposed use is
appropriate or inappropriate in the location. The findings listed below are the minimum
to be cited in an approval.
(1) Complies with the general purpose, goals, objectives, and standards of the
county master plan, this title, and any other plan, program, map, or ordinance
adopted, or under consideration pursuant to official notice by the county.
The proposed additional height will be associated with industrial use structures
that are an allowed use for the existing zoning and consistent with the Master
Plan identification for industrial land uses within the Tahoe Reno Industrial
Center. As conditioned, the proposed height will be consistent with all Storey
County Code requirements, which will be demonstrated at the time of
construction permit review and approval.
(2) The proposal location, size, height, operations, and other significant features
will be compatible with and will not cause substantial negative impact on
adjacent land uses, or will perform a function or provide a service that is
essential to the surrounding land uses, community, and neighborhood.
The proposed additional height will be located adjacent to other industrial land
uses. The topography of the area has surrounding hills as the backdrop when
viewed from Peru Drive and from a distance from USA Parkway. The height is
necessary to provide for equipment, equipment clearance and internal
infrastructure for the warehouse data center use proposed on the properties.
The additional height is not expected to impact any adjacent land uses. The
property to the south and east of these properties has previously obtained a
special use permit for additional height up to 125-feet for a similar land use.
(3) Will result in no substantial or undue adverse effect on adjacent property, the
character of the neighborhood, traffic conditions, parking, public
improvements, public sites or right-of-way, or other matters affecting the
public health, safety, and general welfare, either as they now exist or as they
may in the future be developed as a result of the implementation of the
provisions and policies of the county master plan, this title, and any other
plans, program, map or ordinance adopted or under consideration pursuant to
an official notice, by the county, or other governmental agency having
jurisdiction to guide growth and development.
The proposed additional height is not expected to impact the adjacent
properties or the character of the neighborhood. This location is within a heavy
industrial area with similar large industrial buildings and equipment Additional
height impacts to public health, safety and general welfare are not expected.
The adjacent property to the south east of this project area has previously
obtained a special use permit for additional height up to 125-feet.
4 of 9
(4) The proposed use in the proposed area will be adequately served by and will
impose no undue burden on any of the improvements, facilities, utilities, or
services provided by the county or other governmental agency having
jurisdiction in the county.
The proposed use is not expected to require any additional governmental
service improvements. Any additional height features or specialized equipment
that may be necessary to be consistent with County Codes (ex: Fire or Building)
will be determined during the construction permitting review process and be
incorporated into the proposed project by the applicant.
D. 2024 Storey County Master Plan. This project is located within the Tahoe-Reno
Industrial (TRI) Center which the Master Plan states “provides for light industrial, heavy
industrial, commercial, and industrial commercial uses and zones pursuant to the
Development Agreement between Storey County and the Tahoe-Reno Industrial Center,
LLC.” The property is located in the McCarran Area Plan which the Master Plan states
“depicts a homogenous planned industrial center located toward the north-central part
of Storey County nine miles east of Lockwood. It is home to the Tahoe-Reno Industrial
Center and is dedicated solely to manufacturing, utility power production, warehousing
and distribution, and other heavy- and light-industrial, and commercial uses. This
industrial area has grown to become a major regional hub for distribution, alternative
energy production, digital data management, and highly intensive and experimental
industries.” The proposed use of the structures requesting the additional height is
consistent with the heavy industrial use statements for the McCarran area of the Storey
County Master Plan.
3. Findings of Fact
A. Motion for approval. The following Findings of Fact are evident with regards to the
requested special use permit when the recommended conditions of approval in Section
4, Recommended Conditions of Approval, are applied.
(1) This approval is for Special Use Permit 2025-001 for additional building height
beyond the 75-feet allowed by the applicable zoning ordinance. The applicant
proposes the maximum building heights to be approximately 120-feet to
accommodate anticipated multiple story buildings with needs for additional
ceiling height for each story. This Special Use Permit request is for a maximum
height of 125-feet to allow for a buffer as final equipment and building design
have not yet been completed. This additional height will apply to the three
contiguous parcels of land where multiple buildings are anticipated to be
constructed. The property is located within the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center, at
2300 Peru Drive, McCarran, Storey County, NV, Assessor’s Parcel Numbers 005-
012-24, 005-012-25 and 005-012-26.
(2) The Special Use Permit conforms to the 2024 Storey County Master Plan for the
McCarran planning area in which the subject property is located. A discussion
supporting this finding for the Special Use Permit is provided in Section 2.D of
5 of 9
this staff report and the contents thereof are cited in an approval of this Special
Use Permit.
(3) The proposal location, size, height, operations, and other significant features
will be compatible with and will not cause substantial negative impact on
adjacent land uses or will perform a function or provide a service that is
essential to the surrounding land uses, community, and neighborhood.
(4) The Special Use Permit is not expected to result in substantial or undue adverse
effects on adjacent property, the character of the neighborhood, traffic
conditions, parking, public improvements, public sites or right-of-way, or other
matters affecting the public health, safety, and general welfare, either as they
now exist or as they may in the future be developed as a result of the
implementation of the provisions and policies of the county master plan, this
title, and any other plans, program, map or ordinance adopted or under
consideration pursuant to an official notice, by the county, or other
governmental agency having jurisdiction to guide growth and development.
(5) The proposed use in the proposed area will be adequately served by and will
impose no undue burden on any of the improvements, facilities, utilities, or
services provided by the county or other governmental agency having
jurisdiction in the county.
(6) The Special Use Permit, with the recommended conditions of approval,
complies with the requirements of the 1999 Storey County Zoning Code,
Chapters 17.62 – Special Uses, and 17.37 – Heavy Industrial Zone.
B. Motion for denial. Should a motion be made to deny the Special Use Permit request,
the following findings with an explanation of why should be included in that motion.
(1) This denial is for Special Use Permit 2025-001 for additional building height
beyond the 75-feet allowed by the applicable zoning ordinance. The applicant
proposes the maximum building heights to be approximately 120-feet to
accommodate anticipated multiple story buildings with needs for additional
ceiling height for each story. This Special Use Permit request is for a maximum
height of 125-feet to allow for a buffer as final equipment and building design
have not yet been completed. This additional height will apply to the three
contiguous parcels of land where multiple buildings are anticipated to be
constructed. The property is located within the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center, at
2300 Peru Drive, McCarran, Storey County, NV, Assessor’s Parcel Numbers 005-
012-24, 005-012-25 and 005-012-26.
(2) The conditions under the Special Use Permit conflict with the minimum
requirements/findings in the Storey County 1999 Zoning Code Sections 17.62 --
Special Uses and 17.37 – Heavy Industrial Zone.
6 of 9
(3) The conditions under the Special Use Permit do not adequately mitigate
potential adverse impacts on surrounding uses or protect against potential
safety hazards for surrounding use.
4. Recommended Conditions of Approval
A. Special Use Permit. This approval is for Special Use Permit 2025-001 for additional
building height beyond the 75-feet allowed by the applicable zoning ordinance. The
applicant proposes the maximum building heights to be approximately 120-feet to
accommodate anticipated multiple story buildings with needs for additional ceiling
height for each story. This Special Use Permit request is for a maximum height of 125-
feet to allow for a buffer as final equipment and building design have not yet been
completed. This additional height will apply to the three contiguous parcels of land
where multiple buildings are anticipated to be constructed. The property is located
within the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center, at 2300 Peru Drive, McCarran, Storey County,
NV, Assessor’s Parcel Numbers 005-012-24, 005-012-25 and 005-012-26.
B. Requirements. The Permit Holder shall apply for all required permits and licenses, for a
building within twenty-four (24) months from the date of final approval of SUP No.
2025-001 or this special use permit shall become null and void. The applicant shall
continuously maintain the validity of the permits/licenses, or this approval shall be null
and void. This SUP shall remain valid as long as the Permit Holder remains in compliance
with the terms of this SUP and Storey County, Nevada State, and federal regulations.
C. Transfer of Rights. This special use permit, subject to its terms and conditions, may be
transferred by the special use permit holder, its successors, heirs, or assigns. The
subject property owner may lease the subject land; however, the subject property
owner and special use permit holder are ultimately responsible for ensuring compliance
with the special use permit requirements. Any and all transfers of Special Use Permit
No. 2025-001 shall be advised in writing to Storey County Planning Department 90 days
prior to assignee taking over operations. The new operators must sign and accept all
stipulations and requirements of the special use permit.
D. State/Federal Taxes. Whenever Nevada law requires the payment of a sales and/or use
tax, all materials and equipment purchased or rented for this project shall when feasible
be received in Storey County and the value reported as ‘county-of-delivery’ on the
Nevada Dept. of Taxation form TXR-01.01 ‘Sales/Use Tax Return’. Proof of appropriate
reporting is required prior to a ‘Certificate of Occupancy’ being issued.
E. Outdoor Lighting. Any proposed exterior lighting shall comply with Chapter 8.02 (“Dark
Skies”) of the Storey County Code.
F. Separate Permits Required. This Special Use Permit shall not be construed to be a
permit for design or construction. A separate Storey County plan review, fire safety
review, and building permit will be required.
7 of 9
G. Federal Aviation Administration. The additional height shall follow all applicable
requirements of the Federal Aviation Administration.
H. Fire. The applicant shall meet all regulations identified by the Storey County Fire
Protection District for development of this property. The project shall be evaluated to
determine if there are any applicable elements of the proposed project that may require
inclusion in the respiratory consortium, the hose and nozzle consortium, ladder
reimbursement consortium and/or foam consortium or other such consortium at the
time of construction plan submittal. The Fire Protection District shall have the final
authority on participation.
I. Property Taxes. Before obtaining the Special Use Permit from the Planning
Department, the Property Owner must provide evidence that all property taxes on the
land are paid-to-date.
5. Public Comment
As of January 28, 2025, Staff have not received any comments from the public regarding the
proposed project.
6. Power of the Board & Planning Commission
At the conclusion of the hearing, the Planning Commission must take such action thereon as it
deems warranted under the circumstances and announce and record its action by formal
resolution, and such resolution must recite the findings of the Planning Commission upon which
it bases its decision. The decision of the Planning Commission in the matter of granting the
Special Use Permit is advisory only to the Board of County Commissioners and that governing
body must consider the report and recommendation and must make such a decision thereon as
it deems warranted.
7. Proposed Motions
This section contains two motions from which to choose. The motion for approval is
recommended by staff in accordance with the Findings of Fact under Section 3.A of this report.
Those findings should be made part of the approval motion. A motion for denial may be made
and that motion should cite one or more of the findings shown in Section 3.B. Other findings of
fact determined appropriate by the Planning Commission should be made part of either motion.
A. Recommended motion for approval
In accordance with the recommendation by staff, the Findings of Fact under Section 3.A
of this report, and other findings deemed appropriate by the Planning Commission, and
in compliance with the conditions of approval, I (planning commissioner), recommend
approval of Special Use Permit 2025-001 for additional building height beyond the 75-
feet allowed by the applicable zoning ordinance. The applicant proposes the maximum
building heights to be approximately 120-feet to accommodate anticipated multiple
story buildings with needs for additional ceiling height for each story. This Special Use
Permit request is for a maximum height of 125-feet to allow for a buffer as final
8 of 9
equipment and building design have not yet been completed. This additional height will
apply to the three contiguous parcels of land where multiple buildings are anticipated to
be constructed. The property is located within the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center, at
2300 Peru Drive, McCarran, Storey County, NV, Assessor’s Parcel Numbers 005-012-24,
005-012-25 and 005-012-26.
B. Alternative motion for denial
Against the recommendation by staff, but in accordance with the Findings of Fact under
Section 3.B of this report, and other findings deemed appropriate by the Planning
Commission, I (planning commissioner), recommend denial of Special Use Permit 2025-
001 for additional building height beyond the 75-feet allowed by the applicable zoning
ordinance. The applicant proposes the maximum building heights to be approximately
120-feet to accommodate anticipated multiple story buildings with needs for additional
ceiling height for each story. This Special Use Permit request is for a maximum height of
125-feet to allow for a buffer as final equipment and building design have not yet been
completed. This additional height will apply to the three contiguous parcels of land
where multiple buildings are anticipated to be constructed. The property is located
within the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center, at 2300 Peru Drive, McCarran, Storey County,
NV, Assessor’s Parcel Numbers 005-012-24, 005-012-25 and 005-012-26.
9 of 9
Storey County
Planning Department
Storey County Courthouse
26 South B Street, PO Box 176, Virginia City, Nevada 89440
Phone 775-847-1144 – Fax 775-847-0949
planning@storeycounty.org
To: Storey County Planning Commission
From: Storey County Planning Department
Meeting Date: February 6, 2025
Meeting Location: Storey County Courthouse, 26 South “B” Street, Virginia City, Nevada
Staff Contact: Kathy Canfield
File: 2025-010
Applicant: Storey County
Property Owner: Con-Virginia Mining Company
Property Location: East of North Q Street and north of Mill Street on land formerly maintained by
the Bureau of Land Management, patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio
Relocation, Storey County #800-000-20 (land within APN 001-312-17and 001-
312-16).
Request: The applicant’s request is for a Special Use Permit (File 2025-010) to utilize land
severed from a patented mining claim to be used as a public cemetery. The
parcel of land will be created with Parcel Map Permit File 2025-011. The parcel
will be 4.92 acres in size and be transferred to Storey County for use as an
extension to the existing public cemetery. The property is located east of North
Q Street and north of Mill Street on land formerly maintained by the Bureau of
Land Management, patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio Relocation, Storey
County #800-000-20 (land within APN 001-312-17and 001-312-16).
1. Background & Analysis
A. Site Location & Background. The land associated with the special use permit is located
adjacent to the existing Silver Terrace Cemeteries. There are multiple different entities
that take care of the different segments of the cemetery, including the Catholic
cemetery, Virginia City Fireman’s cemetery, the Masons and others. One portion of the
cemetery is a public county cemetery for Storey County and is a cemetery that is open
to the public for burials if a person has ties to Storey County. This Storey County portion
of the cemetery is managed by the Comstock Cemetery Foundation under a
Memorandum of Understanding with Storey County. This public portion of the
cemetery is approaching capacity. A new area is necessary if the cemetery is going to
continue accepting burials.
Storey County has worked with a surrounding property owner to acquire approximate
4.92 acres of land. This will allow for an additional 100+ burial locations. The land to be
acquired is a part of a patented mining claim and a parcel map (File 2025-011) allows for
the creation of the parcel and the subsequent transfer of ownership to Storey County.
As part of the negotiations for the land, the existing property owner has requested a
family plot be reserved which Storey County has agreed to. This is shown on the
proposed parcel map.
Green lines approximate location, not to scale
2
Location Map
Proposed Parcel Map, see Parcel Map File 2025-011
B. Proposed Use. The applicant will utilize the 4.92 acre parcel as an extension to the
existing public cemetery. The current public cemetery portion is estimated to have less
than 40 burial spaces available. Additional space is needed if public burials are to
continue at the site. Storey County has worked with an adjacent property owner to
acquire the 4.92 acre site and proposes to utilize this site as additional area for an
estimated 100+ burial sites. The site will be managed for Storey County by the
Comstock Cemetery Foundation through a memorandum of understanding. As part of
the agreement for obtaining the land, Storey County has agreed to reserve an area for
burials uses by the existing property owner. This area is depicted on the parcel map
associated with this property.
The property is zoned Forestry and a cemetery requires a Special Use Permit.
B. Parcel Map. In order to create the land to convey to Storey County, the property owner
has proposed a Parcel Map to sever the surface rights and mineral right on a portion of
the patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio Relocation, Storey County #800-000-20 (land
within APN 001-312-17and 001-312-16). The remainder of the patented mining claim
will remain as a mining claim and will not sever the surface rights and a second parcel of
land will not be created. The property owner will retain the mineral rights of the 4.92
acre parcel.
Approval of the Parcel Map (File 2025-011) is contingent on the special use permit for
the cemetery being approved. The Forestry zoning in which this parcel is located allows
for smaller parcel sizes for civic uses in conjunction with the special use permit process.
3
The existing patented mining claim is less than 40 acres and splitting off the 4.92 acres is
contingent on the special use permit being approved.
C. Zoning Code. The property is zoned Forestry and a cemetery use is listed as requiring a
special use permit. The parcel size for Forestry parcels is stated:
The parcel map associated with this property is creating a parcel which will be used as a
civic use and this staff report is addressing the special use permit process for the
cemetery. There are no concerns with setbacks or other zoning related items for this
proposed project.
D. Special Use Permit. A Special Use Permit is required based on the type of use proposed
and the parcel size associated with the use. The applicant’s proposal and this report
follow the requirements outlined in the Code for the special use process.
2. Use Compatibility and Compliance
A. Compatibility with surrounding uses and zones. The following table documents land
uses, zoning classification and master plan designations for the land at and surrounding
the proposed project. There are no evident conflicts between the proposed project and
Storey County Title 17 Zoning or the 2024 Master Plan. The proposed use is also
consistent with the surrounding zoning and master plan designations.
B. General use allowances and restrictions. Storey County Code 17.03.150, Special Use
Permit, identifies the administration for the Board and Planning Commission for
allowing a special use permit. The approval, approval with conditions, or denial of the
Special Use Permit must be based on findings of fact that the proposed use is
appropriate or inappropriate in the location. The findings listed below are the minimum
to be cited in an approval, with rationale for the findings included below each finding.
4
(1) Complies with the general purpose, goals, objectives, and standards of the
county master plan, this title, and any other plan, program, map, or ordinance
adopted, or under consideration pursuant to official notice by the county.
(7) The proposed cemetery use will be a continuation of the existing cemetery,
allowing for additional burial spaces as the existing public cemetery area is close
to capacity. The cemetery has been existing in the adjacent location since the
1800’s and is a well-known landmark for Virginia City. The proposed additional
area is not adjacent to any other existing land uses besides the existing
cemetery. The project is consistent with Storey County Master Plan as the
Master Plan document does not identify any specific concerns for this area.
(2) The proposal location, size, height, operations, and other significant features
will be compatible with and will not cause substantial negative impact on
adjacent land uses, or will perform a function or provide a service that is
essential to the surrounding land uses, community, and neighborhood.
The proposed cemetery expansion use is consistent with the surroundings.
Beyond the cemetery area, there is vacant Forestry zoned land that has been
left natural or has historically been used for mining activities. The expansion
area will be a public cemetery. The proposed use will facilitate a critical public
need for new burial capacity at the public cemetery which is nearing capacity.
The cemetery use is not expected to have a negative impact on the
surroundings.
(3) Will result in no substantial or undue adverse effect on adjacent property, the
character of the neighborhood, traffic conditions, parking, public
improvements, public sites or right-of-way, or other matters affecting the
public health, safety, and general welfare, either as they now exist or as they
may in the future be developed as a result of the implementation of the
provisions and policies of the county master plan, this title, and any other
plans, program, map or ordinance adopted or under consideration pursuant to
an official notice, by the county, or other governmental agency having
jurisdiction to guide growth and development.
The proposed use will be an expansion of the existing cemetery. Primary access
to the site will be from the existing cemetery and the existing features of the
cemetery are expected to be adequate to provide services for those visiting or
utilizing the cemetery. The existing cemetery is served by the Virginia City
municipal water system so no new service connections are necessary for the
project. No impacts to the public health, safety or general welfare are
expected.
(4) The proposed use in the proposed area will be adequately served by and will
impose no undue burden on any of the improvements, facilities, utilities, or
services provided by the county or other governmental agency having
jurisdiction in the county.
5
The proposed use is not expected to require any additional governmental
services or impact existing facilities. The existing cemetery is connected to the
Virginia City municipal water system and no new connections are expected. The
property will be managed by the Comstock Cemetery Foundation through a
memorandum of understanding with Storey County.
C. Conformance with the 2024 Storey County Master Plan. This project is located
within Virginia City Area of the 2024 Storey County Master Plan. The Master Plan does
not identify any specific concerns for additional consideration for this site. The
proposed parcel map will not change the physical appearance of the general area as the
proposed parcel will be used as an extension to the existing cemetery located to the
west of the property. No changes are proposed for the remaining area of the original
mining claim.
3. Findings of Fact
A. Motion for approval (staff recommendation). The following findings of fact are evident
with regard to the requested special use permit when the recommended conditions of
approval in Section 4, Recommended Conditions of Approval, are applied.
(1) This approval is for Special Use Permit (File 2025-010) to utilize land severed
from a patented mining claim to be used as a public cemetery. The parcel of
land will be created with Parcel Map Permit File 2025-011). The parcel will be
4.92 acres in size and be transferred to Storey County for use as an extension to
the existing public cemetery. The property is located east of North Q Street and
north of Mill Street on land formerly maintained by the Bureau of Land
Management, patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio Relocation, Storey County
#800-000-20 (land within APN 001-312-17 and 001-312-16).
(2) The proposed project complies with the general purpose, goals, objectives, and
standards of the county master plan, this title, and any other plan, program,
map, or ordinance adopted, or under consideration pursuant to official notice
by the county.
(3) The proposal location, size, height, operations, and other significant features
will be compatible with and will not cause substantial negative impact on
adjacent land uses, or will perform a function or provide a service that is
essential to the surrounding land uses, community, and neighborhood.
(4) The proposed project as conditioned will result in no substantial or undue
adverse effect on adjacent property, the character of the neighborhood, traffic
conditions, parking, public improvements, public sites or right-of-way, or other
matters affecting the public health, safety, and general welfare, either as they
now exist or as they may in the future be developed as a result of the
implementation of the provisions and policies of the county master plan, this
title, and any other plans, program, map or ordinance adopted or under
6
consideration pursuant to an official notice, by the county, or other
governmental agency having jurisdiction to guide growth and development.
(5) The proposed use in the proposed area will be adequately served by and will
impose no undue burden on any of the improvements, facilities, utilities, or
services provided by the county or other governmental agency having
jurisdiction in the county.
(6) The Special Use Permit conforms to the 2024 Storey County Master Plan for
Virginia City planning area in which the subject property is located. A discussion
supporting this finding is provided in Section 2.C of this staff report and the
contents thereof are cited in an approval of this Special Use Permit.
(8) The conditions under the Special Use Permit do not conflict with the minimum
requirements in Storey County Code Sections 17.03.150 - Special Use Permit,
and Section 17.32 - Forestry Zone.
(9) The proposed use will facilitate a critical public need for new burial capacity at
the public cemetery which is nearing capacity.
B. Motion for denial. Should a motion be made to deny the Special Use Permit request,
the following findings with explanation why should be included in that motion.
(1) This denial is for Special Use Permit (File 2025-010) to utilize land severed from
a patented mining claim to be used as a public cemetery. The parcel of land will
be created with Parcel Map Permit File 2025-011). The parcel will be 4.92 acres
in size and be transferred to Storey County for use as an extension to the
existing public cemetery. The property is located east of North Q Street and
north of Mill Street on land formerly maintained by the Bureau of Land
Management, patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio Relocation, Storey County
#800-000-20 (land within APN 001-312-17and 001-312-16).
(2) The conditions under the Special Use Permit conflict with the minimum
requirements in Storey County Code Sections 17.03.150 - Special Use Permit,
17.12 – General Provisions, and Section 17.32 F - Forestry Zone.
(3) The conditions under the Special Use Permit do not adequately mitigate
potential adverse impacts on surrounding uses or protect against potential
safety hazards for surrounding use.
4. Recommended Conditions of Approval
A. Special Use Permit. Special Use Permit (File 2025-010) to utilize land severed from a
patented mining claim to be used as a public cemetery. The parcel of land will be
created with Parcel Map Permit File 2025-011). The parcel will be 4.92 acres in size and
be transferred to Storey County for use as an extension to the existing public cemetery.
The property is located east of North Q Street and north of Mill Street on land formerly
7
maintained by the Bureau of Land Management, patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio
Relocation, Storey County #800-000-20 (land within APN 001-312-17and 001-312-16).
B. Requirements. The Permit Holder shall apply for all required permits and licenses,
including any applicable building and fire permits, for the project within 24 months from
the date of final approval of this SUP, and continuously maintain the validity of those
permits/licenses, or this approval shall be null and void. This Special Use Permit shall
remain valid as long as the Applicant remains in compliance with the terms of this
Special Use Permit and Storey County, State of Nevada, and federal regulations. No
activity shall commence prior to the Permit Holder securing rights to the Special Use
Permit.
C. Compliance. The uses on the subject property must comply with federal, state, and
county codes and regulations and the submitted plans as approved. The Permit Holder
shall be responsible for maintaining the premises and managing operations in
accordance with all conditions and stipulations set forth by this Special Use Permit and
all other federal, Nevada State, and Storey County codes and regulations.
D. Indemnification/Insurance. The Permit Holder warrants that the use of land will
conform to the requirements of Storey County, State of Nevada, and applicable federal
regulatory and legal requirements; further, the Permit Holder warrants that continued
and future use of the land shall so conform.
E. Transfer of Rights. This Special Use Permit (SUP 2024-011) is non-transferable. This
Special Use Permit applies to the Permit Holder/Property Owner listed in this permit
and may not be transferred to new owners of the property.
5. Public Comment
As of January 28, 2025, staff have not received any comments from the public.
6. Power of the Board & Planning Commission
At the conclusion of the hearing, the Planning Commission must take such action thereon as it
deems warranted under the circumstances and announce and record its action by formal
resolution, and such resolution must recite the findings of the Planning Commission upon which
it bases its decision. The decision of the Planning Commission in the matter of granting the
Special Use Permit is advisory only to the Board of County Commissioners and that governing
body must consider the report and recommendation and must make such a decision thereon as
it deems warranted.
7. Proposed Motions
This section contains two motions from which to choose. The first motion (A) for approval is
recommended by staff in accordance with the findings under Section 3.A of this report. The
second motion (B) is a motion for denial and that motion should cite one or more of the findings
8
shown in Section 3.B. Other findings of fact determined appropriate by the Planning
Commission should be made part of either motion.
A. Recommended motion for approval (staff recommendation)
In accordance with the recommendation by staff, the findings of fact under Section 3.A
of this report, and other findings deemed appropriate by the Planning Commission, and
in compliance with the conditions of approval, I (planning commissioner), recommend
approval of Special Use Permit (File 2025-010) to utilize land severed from a patented
mining claim to be used as a public cemetery. The parcel of land will be created with
Parcel Map Permit File 2025-011). The parcel will be 4.92 acres in size and be
transferred to Storey County for use as an extension to the existing public cemetery.
The property is located east of North Q Street and north of Mill Street on land formerly
maintained by the Bureau of Land Management, patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio
Relocation, Storey County #800-000-20 (land within APN 001-312-17and 001-312-16).
B. Alternative motion for denial
Against the recommendation by staff, but in accordance with the findings of fact under
Section 3.B of this report, and other findings deemed appropriate by the Planning
Commission, I (planning commissioner), recommend denial of Special Use Permit (File
2025-010) to utilize land severed from a patented mining claim to be used as a public
cemetery. The parcel of land will be created with Parcel Map Permit File 2025-011).
The parcel will be 4.92 acres in size and be transferred to Storey County for use as an
extension to the existing public cemetery. The property is located east of North Q
Street and north of Mill Street on land formerly maintained by the Bureau of Land
Management, patented mining claim USS #2581 Ohio Relocation, Storey County #800-
000-20 (land within APN 001-312-17and 001-312-16).
9
Storey County
Planning Department
Storey County Courthouse
26 South B Street, PO Box 190, Virginia City, Nevada 89440
Phone 775-847-1144 – Fax 775-847-0949
planning@storeycounty.org
To: Storey County Planning Commission
From: Storey County Planning Department
Meeting Date: February 6, 2025
Meeting Location: Storey County Courthouse, 26 South “B” Street, Virginia City, Nevada
Staff Contact: Kathy Canfield
File: Special Use Permit File 2025-002
Applicant: NVPRU04 Inc. and NVPRU05 Inc. (contact Mitch Nelson)
Property Owners: NVPRU04 Inc. and NVPRU05 Inc.
Property Location: 2200 Peru Drive, Tahoe-Reno Industrial Center, McCarran, Storey County,
Nevada, APN 005-012-27 and 005-012-28.
Request: The applicant requests Special Use Permit 2025-002 for additional building
height beyond the 75-feet allowed by the applicable zoning ordinance. The
applicant proposes the maximum building heights to be approximately 120-feet
to accommodate anticipated multiple story buildings with needs for additional
ceiling height for each story. This Special Use Permit request is for a maximum
height of 125-feet to allow for a buffer as final equipment and building design
have not yet been completed. This additional height will apply to the existing
two contiguous parcels of land where multiple buildings are anticipated to be
constructed. The property is located within the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center, at
2200 Peru Drive, McCarran, Storey County, NV, Assessor’s Parcel Numbers 005-
012-27 and 005-012-28.
1. Background & Analysis
A. Background. This application is associated with several proposed buildings sites for a
proposed data center campus. The new buildings are proposed to allow for data
storage warehouses and the additional height is necessary to accommodate the
anticipated equipment needs, internal infrastructure (such as heating/cooling systems)
1 of 9
and clearance requirements. It is anticipated the final designs will require a height of
120 feet or less, however, this Special Use Permit is requesting a height of 125-feet to
allow for possible modifications to the design as the final design has not yet been
completed.
B. Site Location. The project is located at 2200 Peru Drive, within the Tahoe Reno
Industrial Center, McCarran, Storey County, Nevada. The additional height will be for
new buildings on currently vacant land.
Vicinity Map
Location Map
2 of 9
C. Proposed Project. The proposed project consists of new buildings on vacant land
associated with a proposed data center campus. The new buildings are anticipated to
be warehouse data centers. The applicant is proposing to construct multiple story
buildings to maximize the footprint of the buildings without needing additional land
area. The internal ceiling height for the data center requires additional height to allow
for equipment, internal infrastructure needs and clearance requirements. The overall
building heights are anticipated to reach 120-feet. This Special Use Permit requests
additional height up to a maximum of 125-feet to allow for a buffer for the final design.
D. Height. The proposed project is located within the I-2 Heavy Industrial zoning within
the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center. The 1999 Storey County Zoning Code is applicable to
the property per the Storey County and Tahoe Reno Industrial Center Development
Agreement. The maximum height allowed for the I-2 zoning district is 75-feet. A
Special Use Permit can allow for additional height.
The applicant has anticipated the maximum heights of the proposed buildings to be
approximately 120 feet. This Special Use Permit requests a total height of 125 feet to
allow for a buffer for when final design of the structures is completed.
The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) may require that structures in close proximity
to an aviation flightpath or height in excess of 200 feet be marked, typically with marker
balls, a warning light and/or painting the structures to make them more visible to
aviation. Because of the project location and the proposed height is less than 200 feet,
this is not expected to be needed, but as conditioned, the project will follow any
requirements necessary to comply with FAA requirements.
2. Compatibility and Compliance
A. Compatibility with surrounding uses and zones.
The following table documents land uses, zoning classifications, and master plan
designations for the land at and surrounding the proposed project. The proposed
properties to the north, east and south are all located within the boundaries of the
Tahoe Reno Industrial Center. The land to the east is identified in the 2024 Storey
County Master Plan to be eligible to transition from Forestry to Industrial.
3 of 9
B. Compliance with Zoning. The proposed property is located within the Tahoe Reno
Industrial Center and is subject to the Development Agreement between the Tahoe
Reno Industrial Center and Storey County. The 1999 Zoning Code is applicable to the
property which is identified as I-2 Heavy Industrial. The additional height beyond the
permissible 75 feet is allowed with a Special Use Permit.
C. General use allowances and restrictions. The 1999 Storey County Code Section 17.62,
Special Uses, identifies the administration for the Board and Planning Commission for
allowing a special use permit. The approval, approval with conditions, or denial of the
Special Use Permit must be based on findings of fact that the proposed use is
appropriate or inappropriate in the location. The findings listed below are the minimum
to be cited in an approval.
(1) Complies with the general purpose, goals, objectives, and standards of the
county master plan, this title, and any other plan, program, map, or ordinance
adopted, or under consideration pursuant to official notice by the county.
The proposed additional height will be associated with industrial use structures
that are an allowed use for the existing zoning and consistent with the Master
Plan identification for industrial land uses within the Tahoe Reno Industrial
Center. As conditioned, the proposed height will be consistent with all Storey
County Code requirements, which will be demonstrated at the time of
construction permit review and approval.
(2) The proposal location, size, height, operations, and other significant features
will be compatible with and will not cause substantial negative impact on
adjacent land uses, or will perform a function or provide a service that is
essential to the surrounding land uses, community, and neighborhood.
The proposed additional height will be located adjacent to other industrial land
uses. The topography of the area has surrounding hills as the backdrop when
viewed from Peru Drive and from a distance from USA Parkway. The height is
necessary to provide for equipment, equipment clearance and internal
infrastructure for the warehouse data center use proposed on the properties.
The additional height is not expected to impact any adjacent land uses.
(3) Will result in no substantial or undue adverse effect on adjacent property, the
character of the neighborhood, traffic conditions, parking, public
improvements, public sites or right-of-way, or other matters affecting the
public health, safety, and general welfare, either as they now exist or as they
may in the future be developed as a result of the implementation of the
provisions and policies of the county master plan, this title, and any other
plans, program, map or ordinance adopted or under consideration pursuant to
an official notice, by the county, or other governmental agency having
jurisdiction to guide growth and development.
The proposed additional height is not expected to impact the adjacent
properties or the character of the neighborhood. This location is within a heavy
4 of 9
industrial area with similar large industrial buildings and equipment Additional
height impacts to public health, safety and general welfare are not expected.
(4) The proposed use in the proposed area will be adequately served by and will
impose no undue burden on any of the improvements, facilities, utilities, or
services provided by the county or other governmental agency having
jurisdiction in the county.
The proposed use is not expected to require any additional governmental
service improvements. Any additional height features or specialized equipment
that may be necessary to be consistent with County Codes (ex: Fire or Building)
will be determined during the construction permitting review process and be
incorporated into the proposed project by the applicant.
D. 2024 Storey County Master Plan. This project is located within the Tahoe-Reno
Industrial (TRI) Center which the Master Plan states “provides for light industrial, heavy
industrial, commercial, and industrial commercial uses and zones pursuant to the
Development Agreement between Storey County and the Tahoe-Reno Industrial Center,
LLC.” The property is located in the McCarran Area Plan which the Master Plan states
“depicts a homogenous planned industrial center located toward the north-central part
of Storey County nine miles east of Lockwood. It is home to the Tahoe-Reno Industrial
Center and is dedicated solely to manufacturing, utility power production, warehousing
and distribution, and other heavy- and light-industrial, and commercial uses. This
industrial area has grown to become a major regional hub for distribution, alternative
energy production, digital data management, and highly intensive and experimental
industries.” The proposed use of the structures requesting the additional height is
consistent with the heavy industrial use statements for the McCarran area of the Storey
County Master Plan.
3. Findings of Fact
A. Motion for approval. The following Findings of Fact are evident with regards to the
requested special use permit when the recommended conditions of approval in Section
4, Recommended Conditions of Approval, are applied.
(1) This approval is for Special Use Permit 2025-002 for additional building height
beyond the 75-feet allowed by the applicable zoning ordinance. The applicant
proposes the maximum building heights to be approximately 120-feet to
accommodate anticipated multiple story buildings with needs for additional
ceiling height for each story. This Special Use Permit request is for a maximum
height of 125-feet to allow for a buffer as final equipment and building design
have not yet been completed. This additional height will apply to the two
existing contiguous parcels of land where multiple buildings are anticipated to
be constructed. The property is located within the Tahoe Reno Industrial
Center, at 2200 Peru Drive, McCarran, Storey County, NV, Assessor’s Parcel
Numbers 005-012-27 and 005-012-28.
5 of 9
(2) The Special Use Permit conforms to the 2024 Storey County Master Plan for the
McCarran planning area in which the subject property is located. A discussion
supporting this finding for the Special Use Permit is provided in Section 2.D of
this staff report and the contents thereof are cited in an approval of this Special
Use Permit.
(3) The proposal location, size, height, operations, and other significant features
will be compatible with and will not cause substantial negative impact on
adjacent land uses or will perform a function or provide a service that is
essential to the surrounding land uses, community, and neighborhood.
(4) The Special Use Permit is not expected to result in substantial or undue adverse
effects on adjacent property, the character of the neighborhood, traffic
conditions, parking, public improvements, public sites or right-of-way, or other
matters affecting the public health, safety, and general welfare, either as they
now exist or as they may in the future be developed as a result of the
implementation of the provisions and policies of the county master plan, this
title, and any other plans, program, map or ordinance adopted or under
consideration pursuant to an official notice, by the county, or other
governmental agency having jurisdiction to guide growth and development.
(5) The proposed use in the proposed area will be adequately served by and will
impose no undue burden on any of the improvements, facilities, utilities, or
services provided by the county or other governmental agency having
jurisdiction in the county.
(6) The Special Use Permit, with the recommended conditions of approval,
complies with the requirements of the 1999 Storey County Zoning Code,
Chapters 17.62 – Special Uses, and 17.37 – Heavy Industrial Zone.
B. Motion for denial. Should a motion be made to deny the Special Use Permit request,
the following findings with an explanation of why should be included in that motion.
(1) This denial is for Special Use Permit 2025-002 for additional building height
beyond the 75-feet allowed by the applicable zoning ordinance. The applicant
proposes the maximum building heights to be approximately 120-feet to
accommodate anticipated multiple story buildings with needs for additional
ceiling height for each story. This Special Use Permit request is for a maximum
height of 125-feet to allow for a buffer as final equipment and building design
have not yet been completed. This additional height will apply to the two
existing contiguous parcels of land where multiple buildings are anticipated to
be constructed. The property is located within the Tahoe Reno Industrial
Center, at 2200 Peru Drive, McCarran, Storey County, NV, Assessor’s Parcel
Numbers 005-012-27 and 005-012-28.
(2) The conditions under the Special Use Permit conflict with the minimum
requirements/findings in the Storey County 1999 Zoning Code Sections 17.62 --
Special Uses and 17.37 – Heavy Industrial Zone.
6 of 9