Forge Industries Inc.
1817 Greenwood Ter, Belmar, NJ 07719
Date: May 14, 2026 Chelsea Boyle, Chief Executive Officer
Application Facts: Company Profile
Industry Manufacturing Forge Industries Inc. (Forge) plans to establish a state of the art manufacturing facility in
North Las Vegas. Forge was founded in 2024, and focuses on waste-to-energy. The
NAICS 562998
company produces an alternative solid fuel from residue materials which would otherwise go
Type of App New to landfill. Forge's mission is rooted in environmental stewardship and resource recovery. By
Location Clark County converting non-recyclable waste materials into engineered fuel products, its Nevada
operations help reduce landfill reliance while supporting a more circular and sustainable
RDA LVGEA - Clarissa Castillo materials economy. Forge is solving for waste circularity by giving trash a second life as
disruptive circular fuels that are hotter, cleaner, and cheaper alternatives while addressing
the demand for scalable alternative energy that can meet both the global demands of
growing infrastructure as well as strict environmental regulations. Through the
commercialization of its circular fuels, Forge aims to combat the waste crisis and become a
lasting model for dual sided drawdown – disrupting heavy industry from the inside out.
Beyond its operational impact, we is committed to being a responsible and engaged member
of the Nevada and specifically North Las Vegas community. Current and planned initiatives
include: local economic and workforce development, providing stable industrial jobs in
Nevada’s circular economy sector, and prioritizing local hiring and working with workforce
development organizations to create opportunities for skilled trades and equipment
operators. Source: Forge Industries Inc.
Tax Abatement Requirements: Statutory Company Application Meeting Requirements
Job Creation 50 16 No
Average Wage $31.57 $47.50 Yes
Equipment Capex (SU & MBT) $1,000,000
$13,962,530 Yes
Equipment Capex (PP) $5,000,000
Additional Requirements:
Health Insurance 65% 79% Yes
Revenues generated outside NV 51% 90% Yes
Business License Current Pending Will comply
Total Tax Liability (without tax abatements) Direct (company) Total
$2,584,985 $7,017,773
Tax Abatements Contract Terms Estimated Tax Abatement
Sales Tax Abmt. 2% for 2 years $890,111
Modified Business Tax Abmt. 50% for 4 years $24,062
Personal Property Tax Abmt. 50% for 10 years $490,946
Real Property Tax Abmt. 50% for 10 years $200,483
Total Estimated Tax Abatement over 10 yrs. $1,605,602
Net New Tax Revenues Direct Indirect Taxes after Abatements
Local Taxes
Property $2,287,378 $1,234,440 $3,521,818
Sales $153,164 $663,558 $816,722
Lodging $0 $0 $0
State Taxes
Property $125,106 $72,289 $197,395
Sales $327,302 $222,890 $550,192
Modified Business $170,155 $155,889 $326,044
Lodging $0 $0 $0
Total Estimated New Tax Revenue over 10 yrs. $3,063,105 $2,349,066 $5,412,171
Economic Impact over 10 yrs. Economic Construction Total
Total Jobs Supported 53 29 82
$35,949,969 $6,517,999
Total Payroll Supported $42,467,968
$192,603,711 $2,145,379
Total Economic Value $194,749,090
Economic Impact Output per Abatement Dollar New Total Tax per Abated Dollar
$137.07 $3.37
IMPORTANT TERMS & INFORMATION
Tax Abatements are reduction or discount of tax liability and companies do not receive any form of payment.
Total Estimated Tax Abatement is a tax reduction estimate. This estimated amount will be discounted from total tax liability.
Estimated New Tax Revenue is amount of tax revenues local and state government will collect after the abatement was given to applying
company.
Economic Impact is economic effect or benefits that this company and it's operations will have on the community and state economy measured by
total number of jobs, payroll and created output.
March 24, 2026
Mr. Tom Burns
Executive Director
Nevada Governor's Office of Economic Development
1 State of Nevada Way, 4th Floor
Las Vegas, Nevada 89119
Dear Mr. Burns,
Forge Industries Inc. is applying to the State of Nevada's Sales & Use Tax Abatement,
Modified Business Tax Abatement, and Personal Property Tax Abatement. We request that
Forge Industries Inc. be placed on the May 14th 2026, GOED Board meeting agenda.
,
Forge Industries Inc. will create 16 new positions in the first two years of expanded
operations, with an average hourly wage of $47.50. They will offer employee health
insurance with 79% premium coverage and 90% of their revenue is generated outside of
Nevada. Forge Industries Inc. will make an overall capital investment of $18,330,830.
Forge Industries Inc. meets the statutory requirements for the Sales & Use Tax Abatement,
Modified Business Tax Abatement, and Personal Property Tax Abatement. This application
has the support of Las Vegas Global Economic Alliance.
Sincerely,
�
Clarissa Castillo
Chief Strategy & Performance Officer
Las Vegas Global Economic Alliance
1
1817 Greenwood Terrace
Belmar, NJ 07719
Forgeindustries.co
March 10th, 2026
Thomas Burns
Executive Director, NV GOED
1 State of Nevada Way, 4th Fl
Las Vegas, NV 89119
Re: NV GOED Tax Abatement Application Letter
Dear Mr. Burns,
On behalf of Forge Industries, we respectfully submit this letter in support of our
application for tax abatements related to our operations in Nevada.
Forge produces engineered alternative fuel products derived from non-recyclable waste
materials. Our technology and operational approach are designed to divert waste from
the Apex landfill and convert it into valuable alternative fuels for industrial users,
supporting both waste reduction and industrial decarbonization goals. Nevada has
proven to be an excellent location for the development of this type of circular economy
infrastructure. In 2023, Republic Services opened their first Polymer Center in North Las
Vegas, a new technology that is now being implemented at other locations across the
US. We’re excited to continue the tradition by selecting North Las Vegas as the location
for our first production facility, with plans to similarly expand across the US.
The availability of Nevada’s tax abatement programs was an important factor in our
decision to locate here. These incentives support the significant capital investment
required to develop advanced fuel production infrastructure.
Our engineered alternative fuel products are distributed primarily to industrial customers
in the Southwestern United States. Key markets include cement manufacturers and
other energy-intensive industries in California, Arizona, and neighboring states that are
seeking lower-carbon fuel alternatives.
2
The company plans to continue expanding its Nevada workforce as operations scale.
These roles include equipment operators, maintenance technicians, logistics personnel,
and plant management staff. We anticipate that nearly all of the onsite workforce will
come from within Nevada, and we look forward to working with local workforce
development organizations to support recruitment and training for these positions.
Forge plans to begin site development in Q3 2026, and to be fully operational by Q3
2027. Our operational plan includes significant capital investment for the preparation of
our facility and installation of the advanced technology equipment needed to produce
our product. Due to this high cost and level of effort to install and operate the
equipment, Forge’s business model relies on securing a long term location and supply
agreement. In short, we plan to operate and be productive members of the Nevada
community in perpetuity.
As Las Vegas continues to grow, so will Forge. We anticipate future opportunities to
expand production capacity and further develop circular economy infrastructure within
the state.
Environmental stewardship is central to our business model. By converting non-
recyclable waste into usable industrial fuel, our operations help reduce landfill reliance
while supporting a more circular materials economy.
We appreciate the consideration of our application and look forward to continuing to
build and grow our operations in Nevada.
Sincerely,
____________________________
Chelsea Boyle (CEO)
3
March 12, 2026
Tom Burns
Executive Director
Nevada Governor's Office of Economic Development
1 State of Nevada Way, 4th Floor
Las Vegas, Nevada 89119
Director Burns:
The City of North Las Vegas is pleased to express its full support for
Forge Industries and their incentive application for tax abatements.
We look forward to this application being reviewed by the GOED
Board at its next scheduled meeting.
Forge Industries has developed an innovative, sustainable
manufacturing model that converts non-recyclable waste into
alternative fuel for industrial use. Their plan to establish a 105,000-
square-foot facility in North Las Vegas represents a significant
commitment to our community. With a projected investment of
approximately $18.3 million, the company expects to create 16 full­
time positions with an average hourly wage of $47 .50 within the first
two years.
Our office has been working diligently with Forge Industries for the
past three years to attract them to North Las Vegas. Throughout this
process, they have been incredible partners-collaborative,
responsive, and committed to investing in our community. We fully
endorse Forge Industries' application and look forward to the
success and sustainability they will bring to the North Las Vegas
economy.
Terri Sheridan
Director, Economic Development
4
March 24, 2026
Thomas J. Burns
Executive Director
Nevada Governor's Office of Economic Development
1 State of Nevada Way
Las Vegas, NV 89119
RE: APPLICATION FOR INCENTIVES – REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIALITY OF
RECORDS AND DOCUMENTS – NRS 231.069
Dear Director Burns,
On March 16, 2026, Forge Industries, INC submitted an application to you as the Executive
Director of the State of Nevada Governor’s Office of Economic Development (“GOED”)
requesting approval of economic incentives for the new operation in Washoe County, Nevada.
The purpose of this letter is to request that any and all records and other documents in GOED’s
possession concerning initial contact with, research and planning for Forge Industries, INC,
including but not limited to certain information in that application, and if amended, all be kept
confidential pursuant to Section 4 of Assembly Bill No. 17 (2015 Regular Session) as codified
in NRS 231.069.
Please be advised that Forge Industries, INC specifically deems the following information
proprietary and confidential:
1. Incentive Application Equipment List - Schedule 5 (A)
2. Incentive Application Employment List - Schedule 5 (B)
Thank you for your consideration. If you have any questions or require any further information,
please do not hesitate to contact me.
Sincerely,
Chelsea Kay Boyle
Chief Executive Officer, Founder
Forge Industries, INC
5
Pursuant to NRS 231.069, and upon the request of applicant, Forge Industries, Inc.,
the Executive Director of the Office has determined the:
(i) The detailed schedule of Capital Equipment List, 5(A)
(ii) The detailed schedule of Employment List, 5(B)
are confidential proprietary information of the business, are not public records, and
shall be redacted in its entirety from the copy of the application that is disclosed to the
public.
6
Company is an / a: (check one)
Standard Tax Abatement Incentive Application New location in Nevada
Company Name: Forge Industries Inc. Expansion of a Nevada company
Date of Application: March 10, 2026
Section 1 - Type of Incentives
Please check all that the company is applying for on this application:
Sales & Use Tax Abatement
Modified Business Tax Abatement Recycling Real Property Tax Abatement
Personal Property Tax Abatement Other:
Section 2 - Corporate Information
COMPANY NAME (Legal name under which business will be transacted in Nevada) FEDERAL TAX ID #
Forge Industries Inc.
CORPORATE ADDRESS CITY / TOWN STATE / PROVINCE ZIP
1817 Greenwood Ter Belmar NJ 07719
MAILING ADDRESS TO RECEIVE DOCUMENTS (If different from above) CITY / TOWN STATE / PROVINCE ZIP
TELEPHONE NUMBER WEBSITE
404-983-6611 forgeindustries.co
COMPANY CONTACT NAME COMPANY CONTACT TITLE
Chelsea Boyle CEO
E-MAIL ADDRESS PREFERRED PHONE NUMBER
404-983-6611
Has your company ever applied and been approved for incentives available by the Governor's Office of Economic Development? Yes No
Chelsea@forgeindustries.co
If Yes, list the program awarded, date of approval, and status of the accounts (attach separate sheet if necessary):
Section 3 - Program Requirements
Please check two of the boxes below; the company must meet at least two of the three program requirements:
A capital investment of $1,000,000 in eligible equipment in urban areas or $250,000 in eligible equipment in rural areas are required. This criteria is
businesses. In cases of expanding businesses, the capital investment must equal at least 20% of the value of the tangible property owned by the
business.
New businesses locating in urban areas require fifty (50) or more permanent, full-time employees on its payroll by the eighth calendar quarter following
quarter in which the abatement becomes effective. In rural areas, the requirement is ten (10) or more. For an expansion, the business must increase
employees on its payroll by 10% more than its existing employees prior to expansion, or by 25 (urban) or 6 (rural) employees, whichever is
greater.
In both urban and rural areas, the average hourly wage that will be paid by the business to its new employees is at least 100% of the average
statewide hourly wage.
Note: Criteria is different depending on whether the business is in a county where the population is 100,000 or more or a city where the population is 60,000 or more
“urban” area), or if the business is in a county where the population is less than 100,000 or a city where the population is less than 60,000 (i.e., “rural” area).
Section 4 - Nevada Facility
Type of Facility:
Headquarters Service Provider
Technology Distribution / Fulfillment
Back Office Operations Manufacturing
Research & Development / Intellectual Property Other:
PERCENTAGE OF REVENUE GENERATED BY THE NEW JOBS
EXPECTED DATE OF NEW / EXPANDED OPERATIONS (MONTH / YEAR)
CONTAINED IN THIS APPLICATION FROM OUTSIDE NEVADA
90% Oct-2026
NAICS CODE / SIC INDUSTRY TYPE
562998 - All other Misc. Waste Mgmt. Services Manufacturing
DESCRIPTION OF COMPANY'S NEVADA OPERATIONS
Forge produces an alternative solid fuel from residue materials which would otherwise go to landfill.
PROPOSED / ACTUAL NEVADA FACILITY ADDRESS CITY / TOWN COUNTY ZIP
4501 Mitchell Street North Las Vegas Clark County 89081
WHAT OTHER STATES / REGIONS / CITIES ARE BEING CONSIDERED FOR YOUR COMPANY'S RELOCATION / EXPANSION / STARTUP?
California, Arizona, Northern Nevada
7
Section 5 - Complete Forms (see additional tabs at the bottom of this sheet for each form listed below)
Check the applicable box when form has been completed.
5 (A) Equipment List
5 (B) Employment Schedule
5 (C) Evaluation of Health Plan, with supporting documents to show the employer paid portion of plan meets the minimum of 65%.
5 (D) Company Information Form
Section 6 - Real Estate & Construction (Fill in either New Operations/Startup or Expansion, not both.)
New Operations / Start Up - Plans Over the Next Ten Years Expansions - Plans Over the Next 10 Years
Part 1. Are you currently/planning on Part 1. Are you currently leasing space in Nevada?
leasing space in Nevada? Yes If No, skip to Part 2. If Yes, continue below:
If No, skip to Part 2. If Yes, continue below: What year(s)?
What year(s)? 2026-2036 How much space (sq. ft.)?
How much space (sq. ft.)? 105,000 Annual lease cost at current space:
Annual lease cost of space: $1,250,000.00 Due to expansion, will you lease additional space?
Do you plan on making building tenant improvements? Yes If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes, continue below:
If No, skip to Part 2. If Yes*, continue below: Expanding at the current facility or a new facility?
When to make improvements (month, year)? Oct-2026 What year(s)?
How much expanded space (sq. ft.)?
Part 2. Are you currently/planning on Annual lease cost of expanded space:
buying an owner occupied facility in Nevada? No Do you plan on making building tenant improvements?
If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes*, continue below: If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes*, continue below:
Purchase date, if buying (month, year): When to make improvements (month, year)?
How much space (sq. ft.)?
Do you plan on making building improvements? Part 2. Are you currently operating at an
If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes*, continue below: owner occupied building in Nevada?
When to make improvements (month, year)? If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes, continue below:
How much space (sq. ft.)?
Part 3. Are you currently/planning on Current assessed value of real property?
building a build-to-suit facility in Nevada? No Due to expansion, will you be making building improvements?
If Yes*, continue below: If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes*, continue below:
When to break ground, if building (month, year)? When to make improvements (month, year)?
Estimated completion date, if building (month, year):
How much space (sq. ft.)? Part 3. Do you plan on building or buying a
new facility in Nevada?
If Yes*, continue below:
Purchase date, if buying (month, year):
When to break ground, if building (month, year)?
Estimated completion date, if building (month, year):
How much space (sq. ft.)?
* Please complete Section 7 - Capital Investment for New Operations / Startup. * Please complete Section 7 - Capital Investment for Expansions below.
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF CONSTRUCTION PROJECT AND ITS PROJECTED IMPACT ON THE LOCAL ECONOMY (Attach a separate sheet if necessary):
Forge plans to utilize an existing facility and fully upgrade the electrical, structural, and architectural to suit our long-term manufacturing needs. Forge is
working with an experienced design-build contractor who has completed similar projects in NLV using local contractors, labor, and materials.
8
Section 7 - Capital Investment (Fill in either New Operations/Startup or Expansion, not both.)
New Operations / Start Up Expansions
How much capital investment is planned? (Breakout below): How much capital investment is planned? (Breakout below):
Building Purchase (if buying): $0 Building Purchase (if buying):
Building Costs (if building / making improvements): $4,368,300 Building Costs (if building / making improvements):
Land: $0 Land:
Equipment Cost: $13,962,530 Equipment Cost:
Total: $18,330,830 Total:
Is the equipment purchase for replacement
of existing equipment?
Current assessed value of personal property in NV:
(Must attach the most recent assessment from the County Assessor's Office.)
Section 8 - Employment (Fill in either New Operations/Startup or Expansion, not both.)
New Operations / Start Up Expansions
How many full-time equivalent (FTE*) employees will be created by the How many full-time equivalent (FTE*) employees will be created by the
end of the first eighth quarter of new operations?: 16 end of the first eighth quarter of expanded operations?:
Average hourly wage of these new employees: $47.50 Average hourly wage of these new employees:
How many FTE employees prior to expansion?:
Average hourly wage of these existing employees:
Total number of employees after expansion:
* FTE represents a permanent employee who works an average of 30 hours per week or more, is eligible for health care coverage, and whose position is a "primary job" as
set forth in NAC 360.474.
OTHER COMPENSATION (Check all that apply):
Overtime Merit increases Tuition assistance Bonus
PTO / Sick / Vacation COLA adjustments Retirement Plan / Profit Sharing / 401(k) Other:
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION PROGRAMS AND ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS (Attach a separate sheet if necessary):
Forge, as a production facility, will also utilize a graduated production incentive program to reward production efficiencies with add'l compensation.
Section 9 - Employee Health Insurance Benefit Program
Is health insurance for employees and is an option for dependents offered?: Yes (attach health plan and quote or invoice) No
Package includes (check all that apply):
Medical Vision Dental Other:
Qualified after (check one):
Upon employment Three months after hire date Six months after hire date Other:
Health Insurance Costs: Percentage of health insurance premium by (min 65%):
Plan Type: United Healthcare PPO
Employer Contribution (annual premium per employee): $ 8 ,364.00 Company: 79%
Employee Contribution (annual premium per employee) $ 2 ,226.00 Employee: 21%
Total Annual Premium: $ 1 0,590.00
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
9
Section 10 - Certification
I, the undersigned, hereby grant to the Governor's Office of Economic Development access to all pertinent and relevant records and documents of the
aforementioned company. I understand this requirement is necessary to qualify and to monitor forcompliance of all statutory and regulatory provisions
pertaining to this application.
Beingowner,member,partner,officeroremployeewithsignatoryauthorizationforthecompany,Idoherebydeclarethatthefactshereinstatedaretrueand
thatalllicensingandpermittingrequirementswillbemetpriortothecommencementofoperations. Inaddition,Iand/orthecompany’slegalcounselhave
reviewedthetermsoftheGOEDTaxAbatementandIncentivesAgreement,thecompanyrecognizesthisagreementisgenerallynotsubjecttochange,and
any material revisions have been discussed with GOED in advance of board approval.
Chelsea Boyle
Name of person authorized for signature Signature
CEO March 10, 2026
Title Date
Nevada Governor's Office of Economic Development
1 State of Nevada Way, 4th Floor, Las Vegas, Nevada 89119 • 702.486.2700 • www.goed.nv.gov
10
Site Selection Factors
Company Name: Forge Industries Inc. County: Clark
Section 1 - Site Selection Ratings
Directions: Please rate the select factors by importance to the company's business (1 = very low; 5 = very high). Attach this form to the Incentives
Application.
Availability of qualified workforce: 4 Transportation infrastructure: 3
Labor costs: 4 Transportation costs: 4
Real estate availability: 5 State and local tax structure: 3
Real estate costs: 5 State and local incentives: 4
Utility infrastructure: 5 Business permitting & regulatory structure: 4
Utility costs: 3 Access to higher education resources: 2
Please summarize the importance of the abatement program to your decision (please include at least a paragraph summary):
The abatement program is a vital factor our manufacturing location selection process. As a start-up of a new
kind of climate technology, showing healthy profitability during our early years in business is essential to
securing the growth and expansion required for our business to thrive. Nevada's abatement program plays an
enormous role in ensuring our operations model can deliver the required returns, especially during our
formative early years. Additionally, with our large capital expenditures budget at the outset, the abatement
program provides large benefits to the overall financial outlook at the start, and has been an important factor
in discussions with our financial partners.
11
Equipment Schedule, Detailed
The Office has determined the detailed equipment schedule as
described in this application constitutes confidential
proprietary information of Forge Industries, Inc., and is not a
public record.
12
Employment Schedule, Detailed
The Office has determined the detailed equipment schedule as
described in this application constitutes confidential
proprietary information of Forge Industries, Inc., and is not a
public record.
13
5(C) Evaluation of Health Plans Offered by Companies
Company Name: Forge Industries Inc. County: Clark
Total Number of Full-Time Employees: 16
Average Hourly Wage per Employee $47.50
Average Annual Wage per Employee (implied) $98,800.00
COST OF HELATH INSURANCE
Annual Health Insurance Premium Cost: $10,590.00
Percentage of Premium Covered by:
Company 79%
Employee 21%
HEALTH INSURANCE PLANS:
Base Health Insurance Plan*: United Healthcare PPO
Deductible - per employee $ 1 ,500
Coinsurance 0
Out-of-Pocket Maximum per employee $ 5 ,000
Additional Health Insurance Plan*: United Healthcare PPO 25
Deductible - per employee $ 4 ,000
Coinsurance 0% / 0%
Out-of-Pocket Maximum per employee $ 3 ,500
Additional Health Insurance Plan*:
Deductible - per employee $ -
Coinsurance 0% / 0%
Out-of-Pocket Maximum per employee $ -
*Note: Please list only "In Network" for deducatble and out of the pocket amounts .
Generalized Criteria for Essential Health Benefits (EHB)
[following requirements outlined in the Affordable Care Act and US Code, including 42 USC Section 18022]
Covered employee's premium not to exceed 9.5% of annual wage 2.9% MEC
Annual Out-of-Pocket Maximum not to exceed $10,600 (2026) $5,000 MEC
Minimum essential health benefits covered (Company offers PPO):
(A)Ambulatory patient services
(B)Emergency services
(C)Hospitalization
(D)Maternity and newborn care
(E)Mental health/substance use disorder/behavioral health treatment
(F)Prescription drugs
(G)Rehabilitative and habilitative services and devices
(H)Laboratory services
(I)Preventive and wellness services and chronic disease management
(J)Pediatric services, including oral and vision care
No Annual Limits on Essential Health Benefits
I,theundersigned,herebydeclaretotheGovernor'sOfficeofEconomicDevelopmentthatthefactshereinstatedare
true, and that I have attached a qualified plan with information highlighting where our plan reflects meeting the 65%
minimum threshold for the employee paid portion of the plan for GOED to independently confirm the same.
Chelsea Boyle
Name of person authorized for signature Signature
CEO 3/10/2026
Title Date 14
5(D) Paid Family and Medical Leave (PFML)
Company Name: Forge Industries Inc. County: Clark
After October 1, 2023, if the business will have at least 50 full-time employees on the payroll of the business by the
eighth calendar quarter following the calendar quarter in which the abatement becomes effective the business, by
the earlier of the eighth calendar quarter following the calendar quarter in which the abatement becomes effective
or the date on which the business has at least 50 full-time employees on the payroll of the business, has a policy
for paid family and medical leave and agrees that all employees who have been employed by the business for at
least 1 year will be eligible for at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave at a rate of at least 55 percent of
the regular wage of the employee.
I, the undersigned, hereby declare to the Governor's Office of Economic Development that the facts herein stated are
true, and that the Applicant will meet this threshold for PFML.
Chelsea Boyle
Name of person authorized for signature Signature
CEO 3/10/2026
Title Date
15
5(E) Company Information
Company Name: Forge Industries Inc. County: Clark
Section 1 - Company Interest List
Directions:Pleaseprovideadetailedlistofownersand/ormembersofthecompany.TheGovernor’sOfficeofEconomicDevelopment
strives to maintain the highest standards of integrity, and it is vital that the public be confident of our commitment. Accordingly, any
conflict or appearance of a conflict must be avoided. To maintain our integrity and credibility, the applicant is required to provide a
detailed list of owners, members, equity holders and Board members of the company.
(a) ( b)
Name Title
Chelsea Boyle CEO
Caleb McWaters COO
John Chaplin Head of Commercial Finance
Michael German VP of Business Development
Anna Sorrokina Head of Supply Science
Section 2 - Company Affiliates and/or Subsidiaries
Are there any subsidiary or affiliate companies sharing tax liability with the applicant company? No Yes
If Yes, continue below:
Directions: In order to include affiliates/subsidiaries, under the exemption letter, they must to be added to the Contract. Per standard
practice GOED requires a corporate schematic to understand the exact relationships between the companies. Please populate the below
table to show the exact relationships between the companies and include:
1. The names as they would read on the tax exemption letter.
2. Which entity(ies) will do the hiring?
3. Which entity(ies) will be purchasing the equipment?
Name of Subsidiary or Affiliate Entity, Role and Legal Control Relationship
N/A
Please include any additional details below:
16
Abatement Application Addendum (for internal use / information)
Company Name: Forge Industries Inc. County:Clark
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
GOED is very interested in learning about a company's current CSR / Community Engagement Activities. Does the
company have any current programs, or future plans in its Nevadan location, that it would like to list? If so please do so
below in the space below. Feel free to add space if required:
Forge's mission is rooted in environmental stewardship and resource recovery. By converting non-recyclable waste materials into engineered fuel products, our
Nevada operations help reduce landfill reliance (Apex) while supporting a more circular and sustainable materials economy. Our core business model itself
provides a significant environmental benefit by diverting waste streams that would otherwise be landfilled and recovering energy value from materials that are
typically considered unusable.
Beyond our operational impact, we are committed to being a responsible and engaged member of the Nevada and specifically North Las Vegas community.
Current and planned initiatives include:
Local Economic & Workforce Development
- Providing stable industrial jobs in Nevada’s circular economy sector.
- Prioritizing local hiring and working with workforce development organizations to create opportunities for skilled trades and equipment operators.
Community Support
- Working with the local technical schools and organizations to bring educational opportunities and awareness to this growing sector.
- Supporting local nonprofit and community initiatives through volunteer participation and targeted donations where our team and resources can be helpful.
- Seeking opportunities to collaborate with organizations focused on environmental education, waste reduction, and community improvement in Southern
Nevada.
Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion
Would the company like to highlight any policies / practices for equity, diversity, and inclusion? Feel free to add space if
required:
Forge is committed to building a team and workplace culture that values diverse perspectives, backgrounds, and life experiences. This commitment begins with
our leadership structure: Forge was founded by a woman CEO, and our first executive hire (COO) is a military veteran. This leadership foundation reflects our
belief that strong organizations are built through a diversity of experiences and viewpoints.
As we continue to grow our Nevada operations, we are focused on ensuring our hiring and workplace practices are inclusive and opportunity-driven. Our
approach includes:
Inclusive Hiring Practices
- Recruiting candidates from a wide range of backgrounds and professional pathways.
- Actively encouraging applications from veterans, women, and individuals with non-traditional career paths (working with NLV resources to identify potential
hires)
Workforce Accessibility & Opportunity
- Creating accessible pathways into skilled industrial careers through hands-on training and advancement opportunities.
- Supporting employees who are transitioning from other industries or career stages into the circular economy and materials recovery sector. Both Chelsea and
Caleb came from non-traditional backgrounds into the circular economy and look forward to welcoming more converts into this new space.
17
Abatement Application Addendum (for internal use / information)
Company Name: Forge Industries Inc. County:Clark
Education Partnerships
Does the company have existing partnerships to recruit or advance workforce development (e.g. workforce boards,
community based organizations and education providers)? Additionally, would the company have any anticipated needs, for
this project, where GOED / RDAs can provide support? Feel free to add space if required:
As our Nevada operations continue to grow, we intend to actively engage with local workforce development organizations, trade schools, and community
colleges to support recruitment and training for industrial and technical roles. We are especially excited to pursue a partnership with NCTA in North Las Vegas,
and would welcome the continued support of the RDA staff.
Our operations rely on a range of roles including equipment operators, maintenance technicians, logistics personnel, and operations staff, and we believe local
workforce partnerships will play an important role in building a robust talent pipeline. Potential collaborations could include equipment operation training,
mechanical and maintenance programs, and internships that provide hands-on experience in industrial and circular economy careers.
We welcome the opportunity to work with the Nevada Governor’s Office of Economic Development (GOED), RDA's, and workforce boards to identify programs
or partners that can help support recruitment, training, and long-term workforce development as our facility expands.
Supply Chain
Does the company anticipate purchasing equipment, as noted in the Capital Equipment List, from or through Nevada-
based businesses? Does the company wish to submit any notes / highlights re. this? Feel free to add space if required:
As shown in the equipment list section of the application, the equipment for this facility is highly specialized and only available through a handful (<5)
manufacturers globally. As such, there are no NV based-business who would be able to supply the equipment.
However, Forge does plan to utilize local business for all other materials and services when possible including building supplies, utility upgrades, consumables,
safety and personal protective equipment, signage, HVAC, and labor for installation of all of the above.
18
CEO & Founder: Chelsea K Boyle
COO: Caleb McWaters
19
Confidential and Proprietary. Copyright (c) by Forge Industries. All Rights Reserved
onfidentialandProprietary Copyright(c)byForgeIndustries AllRightsReserved
Our Mission:
Transforming the global supply
of trash into fuel abundance for the
future of green industry.
We transform the global
supply of trash into cleaner,
high-performance fuels —
because the future of industry
won’t be powered by promises,
but by scalable solutions
hiding in plain sight.
20
Confidential and Proprietary. Copyright (c) by Forge Industries. All Rights Reserved
PPLLAASSTTIICC CCEEMMEENNTT
PLASTIC CEMENT
…Omnipresent Supply Ceaseless Demand...
2B tons of waste produced each year | 15% is plastic Industrial production consumes 8B tons of coal annually
171 trillion pieces of ocean plastic exist today 30B tons of cement produced each year
A truck of plastic will be dumped every second by 2040 Demand is 2ⁿᵈ only to potable water
By 2050, plastic > fish Cement is the backbone of a $12T construction sector
21
Confidential and Proprietary. Copyright (c) by Forge Industries. All Rights Reserved
UNDERSTANDING THE COAL MONARCHY
What does it really take to disrupt the largest carbon intensity in the world? 90% of the entire global coal market comes down to a super narrow performance definition. If
Forge could mimic those fuel properties and do so sustainably, the disruptive opportunity in the market would be immense.
Carbon Sulphur
Evaluated for:
Moisture
Volatile Matter
Efficiency
Anthracite Coal Coke Sub-Bituminous Lignite
(Treated Bituminous)
S te e l
$ 85 B
C e me n
t
AArreeaabbllee MMaarrkkeett
L im e
P ow e
r
22
Confidential and Proprietary. Copyright (c) by Forge Industries. All Rights Reserved
THE FORGE SOLUTION
Forge combines novel process technology and adaptive fuel formulas to transform incoming waste into tailored, high-performance fuel for usage across heavy industry.
Forge Process Steps
... trash in
CONTROL
single line fuel capacity: ~350,000 mt
feedstock homogenization
& AI Infrared filtering
+50% cheaper | 80% cleaner | +30% hotter
CONSISTENCY
thermo-chemical
demoisturizing & additives
drop-in ready, no green premium
100% coal replacement
cross-sector compatible
abundant availability
CALIBRATION
real-time form factor
tailoring for customer needs
... fuel out
23
Confidential and Proprietary. Copyright (c) by Forge Industries. All Rights Reserved
FUEL PERFORMANCE OUTCOMES
Caloric Value Ash Percentage
25-30+ MJ/Kg 6-10 %
Coal : 22-24 MJ/Kg Coal : 16-19%
Volatile Material Ignition Ratio
+73 % 725–765 %
Coal : 38-42% greater than that of coal
Carbon Discount Moisture Levels
78-83 % 5-6 %
less than that of coal Coal : 20-32%
24
onfidentialandProprietary Copyright(c)byForgeIndustries AllRightsReserved
FORGE’S MARKET HORIZON
Forge’s US facilities will be located in areas of 75%+ concentricity between the built environment, industrial customers, & high volume waste supply.
Our modular systems & supply intelligence algorithms are designed to be rapidly deployed and adaptable across regional supply chains.
OUR FUTURE CIRCULAR FUEL NETWORK
300K mt capacity per line | 1-3 lines per site | +4 sites per region | ~2M mt of network capacity
Y0-2 CEMENT Global: $34B | US: $765M
PLANT 1
NEVADA
LIME Global: $4.3B | US: $362M
Y3-4
Y4-5 STEEL Global: $76.5B | US: $3.7B
Initial Capacity: 350K mt
On Line: H2 2027
Regional ARR: $110M
POWER GEN Global: $952B | US: $136B
Y6-8+
Goal: Enter the Market, Unlock the West
Use what we have. Build what’s next. Leave nothing valuable behind.
25
Confidential and Proprietary. Copyright (c) by Forge Industries. All Rights Reserved
CLOSING THE LOOP
The scale of the problem is the solution: Real change only happens at the same scale as the systems we’re replacing.
societal growth produces waste utilization enhances adaptive infrastructure
valorization drives diversion resilience offers new profitability
transformation creates new markets abundance unlocks industrial decarbonization
where there’s mess - there’s opportunity
26
Confidential and Proprietary. Copyright (c) by Forge Industries. All Rights Reserved
THE RIGHT TEAM TO BUILD THIS
To tackle some of the most complex issues of our time, we will need the right leadership team with a unique blend of skillsets and proven track records of systems building.
s
d
S t a r t- u p S t r a t e g y I n & d u S c s t a r l i i a n l g M a r k e C t i s r – c u n l a a m ri t e y l y & C W e m a S s e t u n e p t C p h l y e m C h i s a t i r n y & D H i s e t a r v i b y u M ti a o n n u f a c t u C r i i v n i g l E O n p g e i n r a e t e i r n i g n g M C o o n d s e t l r s u c ti o n & O E p n e v r i a r t o i n o n m a e l n D t e a v l e P S l o o u l p i s c m t y a e i & n n a t C b l e l e a D n e T v e e E c l h n o g p M i m n a e e c e n r r o t i n T g r e O n p e G r a T t M i o n D s e v / e P l r o o p c m e s e s E n O q t p u & t i t i B m y u M i s z i a a n r t e i k o s e s n t M s, o F d i n el a S n c c a i a li l n F g o r e c a s ti n g
Chelsea K Boyle – CEO, Founder
MBA – Clean Technology to Market Specialized,
BS Intl Sustainability & Global Policy
Caleb McWaters – COO, Head of Operations
Masters Industrial Administration, BS Civil Eng
High volume of domain expertise & sector acumen
Medium volume of domain expertise & sector acumen
Lighter volume of domain expertise & sector acumen
27
Confidential and Proprietary. Copyright (c) by Forge Industries. All Rights Reserved
ADVISORS, TEAM GROWTH, & STRATEGIC AFFILIATES
Forge’s past and future success is backed by a diverse set of experienced professionals and strategic industry leaders, who continue to champion the Forge
vision & differentiate Forge’s growth.
FORGE ADVISORS RECENT LEADERSHIP TEAM ADDITIONS STRATEGIC AFFILIATES & MARKET VALIDATORS
John Chaplin
Calvin Cupini
Expert in energy, infrastructure,
Forge advisor & board member
FOAK development, capital
since 2021
formation, and industrial scaling
Investment Director at Activate
2x Founder
Highly experienced leader in
7+ yrs commercialization exp across
environmental policy & defensive
nuclear, data centers, power, and
climate adaptation
oil&gas sectors
Previous founder of AirKeepers
Ex. BofA & Morgan Stanley banking
Mike German
Judith Glory Modjoc
Ph.D in Environmental Health &
25+ year tenured executive, startup,
Chemical Engineering
and change strategy coach
Masters in Environmental
Trusted by Google, Amazon,
Engineering & Waste Neutralization
Salesforce, Apple et al.
Fulbright Scholar
Previous founder in emerging
Published Google Scholar
markets technologies
12+ years experience in energy,
chemicals, nuclear scaling, & utilities
Mark Knox
Director of Pretoria Energy (UK) &
Anna Sorokina
experienced board member
Environmental engineering expert
Expert in clean energies, biogas,
with a Masters in Waste Engineering
carbon markets, & steel policy
& Biogas
10+ year experience across energy
10+ years experience building
& industrial innovation as
durable energy systems, startups,
Department Head of DBIS (London)
and climate tech venture
8+ year tenure in Energy based PE &
Previous founder experience across
alternative financing
partnerships, chemicals, early market
development for waste-to-value and
advanced materials manufacturing
28
Confidential and Proprietary. Copyright (c) by Forge Industries. All Rights Reserved
THE SPEED OF PROGRESS
It took the Forge team 24 months to go from a 0 to 5x scale multiple and 12 months to go from an 18x to 800x scale multiple.
2022 - 2023 2024 - (Fall) 2025 - (Spring) 2025 - (Summer)
100 kgs created 0.5 tons processed & 8-10 tons collected ~80 tons processed, distributed &
& lab tested cement control room tested & performance validated full cement facility validated
MVP Prototype Formula Optimization Functional Pilot
PROVING THE POSSIBILITY UNDERSTANDING THE CUSTOMER DESIGNING THE PLAYBOOK ENHANCING THE PERFORMANCE
29
FORGE’S SUSTAINABILITY IMPACT
Forge Fuel’s emissions results have been systematically tested in 3rd party verified environmental fuel labs, cement control rooms, and full scale industrial
facilities. We will continue this testing consistently through our US scale up period to bring the gold standard of alternative fuels to market.
RECENT BENCH RESULTS (UK 2025) - 65% FUEL REPLACEMENT COMPARISON
NOx HCL TOC SO2 NH3
2.10% 3.70% 4.80% 0.071% 3.03%
Coal & Conventional Fuels Max: 18-20% Coal & Conventional Fuels Max: 40% Coal & Conventional Fuels Max: 20-30% Coal & Conventional Fuels Max: 8-10% Coal & Conventional Fuels Max: 40%
FORGE’S ANNUALIZED ABATEMENT ESTIMATES AT SCALE
Includes: Direct Methane & Landfill Transport Miles Avoided Includes: Direct Combustion Efficiency Savings at Cement Includes: Cement to Concrete Fuel Abatement - Last Mile Calcs
Process Emissions Direct Product Emissions Embodied Carbon of Concrete
Methane Savings Carbon Savings Fuel-Based Total Savings
1.71M mt +500M mt 35%
Transport Emissions Avoided Overall GHG Discount (p ton) Transport Emissions Avoided
+330K mt +60% 1.08B mt
30
Confidential and Proprietary. Copyright (c) by Forge Industries. All Rights Reserved
NOTHING CHANGES IF NOTHING CHANGES.
AT FORGE, WE’RE READY TO ROLL UP OUR SLEEVES.
31