SCH Number: 2025090528
Document Type: NOE
Project Title: Districtwide Datacenter Consolidation - Omega Project
Lead Agency: Los Angeles Community College District
Counties: Los Angeles
NOE Exempt Status: Categorical Exemption
Contact: Marina Melikyan / Attorney / BDG LAW GROUP, APLC c/o LA Community College District / mmelikyan@bdgfirm.com / 3104706110

Description:
Los Angeles Community College District ("LACCD") is consolidating most administrative and educational systems at two district-wide Data Centers. One of the two datacenter buildings already exists on the Valley College campus and is commonly referred to as the Omega Datacenter. This project will upgrade the Omega Data Center to Tier III which involves (1) renovating the existing building without increasing its footprint, and (2) upgrading/replacing mechanical/electrical systems; as well as (3) constructing improvements to the appurtenant area to make way for a large mobile diesel generator for redundant power in the event of a power outage ("Datacenter" and/or "Project").

--- detail page ---





Home

Search

Districtwide Datacenter Consolidation - Omega Project



Districtwide Datacenter Consolidation - Omega Project





Summary





SCH Number


2025090528




Public Agency


Los Angeles Community College District




Document Title


Districtwide Datacenter Consolidation - Omega Project




Document Type


NOE - Notice of Exemption




Received



9/11/2025





Posted


9/11/2025




Document Description


Los Angeles Community College District ("LACCD") is consolidating most administrative and educational systems at two district-wide Data Centers. One of the two datacenter buildings already exists on the Valley College campus and is commonly referred to as the Omega Datacenter. This project will upgrade the Omega Data Center to Tier III which involves (1) renovating the existing building without increasing its footprint, and (2) upgrading/replacing mechanical/electrical systems; as well as (3) constructing improvements to the appurtenant area to make way for a large mobile diesel generator for redundant power in the event of a power outage ("Datacenter" and/or "Project").





Contact Information





Name


Marina Melikyan




Agency Name


BDG LAW GROUP, APLC c/o LA Community College District




Job Title


Attorney




Contact Types


Lead/Public Agency / Project Applicant




Address




10880 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1015


Los Angeles
,
CA

90015






Phone



(310) 470-6110





Email



mmelikyan@bdgfirm.com






Location





Counties


Los Angeles




Regions


Citywide, Southern California




Other Location Info


5800 Fulton Avenue, Van Nuys, CA 91401





Notice of Exemption





Exempt Status


Categorical Exemption




Type, Section or Code


14 CCR Section 15301, 14 CCR Section 15302, and 14 CCR Section 15303




Reasons for Exemption


CEQA categorical exemption 1, also known as the "existing facilities" exemption, applies to the operation, maintenance, repair, or minor alteration of existing facilities, structures, mechanical equipment, or topographical features. This exemption applies when there is no or negligible expansion of the existing or former use. The exemption itself provides examples of the types of projects it covers, including, but not limited to (1) " ... utilities used to provide electric power, natural gas, sewerage, or other public utility services", (2) "restoration or rehabilitation of ... mechanical equipment to meet current standards of public health and safety ... ", and (3) installation ... of a steam sterilization unit for the treatment of medical waste .... " (14 CCR 15301 ). The Project involves the (1) renovation/upgrade of the existing building without increasing its footprint, and (2) upgrading/replacing mechanical/electrical systems; as well as (3) constructing improvements to the appurtenant area and topography to make way for a large mobile diesel generator for redundant power in the event of a power outage.

An additional CEQA exemption that applies to the Project is the Class 2 exemption, which consists of the replacement or reconstruction of existing structures and facilities where the new structure will be located on the same site as the structure replaced and will have substantially the same purpose and capacity as the structure replaced. (14 CCR 15302). Replacement structures and facilities do not need to have the exact same footprint as prior structures and facilities; instead, it is sufficient if it is located on the same overall project site. (Dehne v. County of Santa Cruz (1981) 115 Cal. App. 3d. 827, 837). This exemption includes, but not limited to (1) "replacement or reconstruction of existing schools ... to provide earthquake resistant structures which do not increase capacity more than 50 percent", (2) "replacement of a commercial structure with a new structure of substantially the same size, purpose, and capacity", (3) "replacement or reconstruction of existing utility systems and/or facilities involving negligible or no expansion of capacity", and (4) conversion of overhead electric utility distribution system facilities to underground including connection to existing overhead electric utility distribution lines ... " (14 CCR 15302). As this Project involves the (1) renovation/upgrade of the existing building without increasing its footprint, and (2) upgrading/replacing mechanical/electrical systems, the exemption found at 14 CCR 15302 also applies to the Project.

The Class 3 exemption consists of construction and location of limited numbers of new, small facilities or structures; installation of small new equipment and facilities in small structures; and the conversion of existing small structures from one use to another where only minor modifications are made in the exterior of the structure. Examples of this exemption include but are not limited to, (1) "water main, sewage. electrical, gas, and other utility extensions, including street improvements ... ," (2) "accessory (appurtenant) structures including garages, carports, patios, swimming pools, and fences", and (3) "an accessory steam sterilization unit for the treatment of medical waste ... ". (14 CCR 15303) The Project involves constructing improvements to the appurtenant areas of the Project to make way for a mobile diesel generator for redundant power in the event of a power outage. This kind of construction of a structure appurtenant to the main structure is covered by this exemption.




County Clerk


Los Angeles





Attachments





Notice of Exemption




NOTICE OF EXEMPTION-FILED
PDF

2440 K






Disclaimer:
The Governor’s Office of Land Use and Climate Innovation (LCI) accepts no responsibility for the content or accessibility of these documents.
            To obtain an attachment in a different format, please contact the lead agency at the contact information listed above. For more information, please visit
LCI’s Accessibility Site
.





Download CSV

New Search

Print










