Cintas Corporation
6800 Cintas Blvd., Cincinnati, OH 45262
Date: August 7, 2025 Sowmya Aggarwal, Vice President Taxation
Application Facts: Company Profile
Industry Service Cintas Corporation (Cintas) is considering establishing a specialty cleanroom
facility in Henderson, NV. The project would convert an existing building into a
NAICS 812332
state-of-the-art Cleanroom facility and would become one of only six such
Type of App New facilities within Cintas North America. Cintas offers a comprehensive specialty
Location Clark County cleanroom service that includes both garment solutions and cleanroom-grade
laundry—designed to support ultra-clean environments across industries like
RDA LVGEA, Clarissa Castillo pharmaceuticals, medical devices, biotech, semiconductors, aerospace, and
microelectronics. All Cintas cleanroom operations are ISO 9001 certified, with
strict adherence to cleanroom garment standards and sterile processing.
Quality assurance involves on-site microscopists and contamination-control
managers to ensure control compliance. Cintas emphasizes ethical management
and governance, with its CSR efforts thoroughly integrated into daily operations.
The board strongly supports ESG reporting and continuous improvements in
transparency and accountability. Cintas has been named one of Newsweek’s
America’s Most Responsible Companies for the third consecutive year
(2022–2024) and recognized as one of Newsweek’s America’s Greatest
Workplaces for Diversity. Cintas has also reduced emissions intensity by 7.7%,
electricity use by 16%, energy intensity by 33%, and water usage by nearly 10%,
all since FY 2019. Source: Cintas Corporation
Tax Abatement Requirements: Statutory Company Application Meeting Requirements
Job Creation 50 22 No
Average Wage $32.51 $33.63 Yes
Equipment Capex (SU & MBT)
$1,000,000 $8,410,037 Yes
Equipment Capex (PP)
Additional Requirements:
Health Insurance 65% 71% Yes
Revenues generated outside NV 51% 90% Yes
Business License Current Pending Will comply
Total Tax Liability (without tax abatements) Direct (company) Total
$1,012,103 $5,726,156
Tax Abatements Contract Terms Estimated Tax Abatement
Sales Tax Abmt. 2% for 2 years $536,140
Modified Business Tax Abmt. 50% for 4 years $24,152
Personal Property Tax Abmt. 50% for 10 years $129,729
Total Estimated Tax Abatement over 10 yrs. $690,021
Net New Tax Revenues Direct Indirect Taxes after Abatements
Local Taxes
Property $1,156,478 $1,538,115 $2,694,593
Sales $333,094 $815,271 $1,148,365
Lodging $0 $51,792 $51,792
State Taxes
Property $63,252 $90,026 $153,278
Sales $272,701 $273,708 $546,409
Modified Business $240,761 $184,297 $425,058
Lodging $0 $16,640 $16,640
Total Estimated New Tax Revenue over 10 yrs. $2,066,286 $2,969,849 $5,036,135
Economic Impact over 10 yrs. Economic Construction Total
Total Jobs Supported 77 78 155
Total Payroll Supported $44,146,446 $5,389,016 $49,535,462
Total Economic Value $116,032,103 $15,195,541 $131,227,644
Economic Impact Output per Abatement Dollar New Total Tax per Abated Dollar
$168 $7.30
IMPORTANT TERMS & INFORMATION
Tax Abatements are reduction or discount of tax liability and companies do not receive any form of payment.
Total Estimated Tax Abatement is a tax reduction estimate. This estimated amount will be discounted from total tax liability.
Estimated New Tax Revenue is amount of tax revenues local and state government will collect after the abatement was given to
applying company.
Economic Impact is economic effect or benefits that this company and it's operations will have on the community and state economy
measured by total number of jobs, payroll and created output.
July 15th 2025
Mr. Tom Burns
Executive Director
Nevada Governor’s Office of Economic Development
1 State of Nevada Way, 4th Floor
Las Vegas, Nevada 89119
Dear Mr. Burns,
Cintas Corporation is applying to the State of Nevada’s Sales & Use Tax Abatement,
Modified Business Tax Abatement, and Personal Property Tax Abatement. We request
that Cintas Corporation be placed on the August 7th 2025 GOED Board meeting
agenda.
Cintas Corporation will create 22 new positions in the first 2 years of operations, with
an average hourly wage of $33.63. Cintas Corporation will make an overall capital
investment of $17,910,037.
Cintas Corporation meets the statutory requirements for the Sales & Use Tax
Abatement, Modified Business Tax Abatement, and Personal Property Tax Abatement.
This application has the support of the Las Vegas Global Economic Alliance.
Sincerely,
Heather Brown
SVP Entrepreneurial Development
Las Vegas Global Economic Alliance
1
READY FOR THE WORKDAY'"
June 26, 2025
Sowmya Aggarwal
Vice President -Taxation
Cintas Corporation
6800 Cintas Blvd.
Cincinnati, OH 45262
Thomas Burns
Executive Director
Nevada Governor's Office of Economic Development
1 State of Nevada Way, 4th Floor
Las Vegas, Nevada 89119
RE: Standard Tax Abatement Incentive Application -Company Request for Incentives
Dear Executive Director Burns,
This letter serves as the formal request for support of Cintas Corporation's Standard Abatement
Application for the potential establishment of a state-of-the-art Cleanroom facility in Henderson, NV.
This potential project represents a significant milestone in the growth of Cintas' Cleanroom business as
it would be the first Cleanroom facility supporting west coast customers, and only the seventh
Cleanroom facility nationally. On behalf of Cintas Corporation, thank you for considering our
application.
Headquartered in Cincinnati, OH, Cintas is a publicly held Fortune 500 company whose foundation dates
back to 1929. Today, Cintas helps more than one million businesses of all types and sizes get ready to
open their doors with confidence every day by providing products and services that help keep our
customers' facilities and employees clean, safe, and looking their best. With offerings including
uniforms, mats, mops, towels, restroom supplies, workplace water services, first aid and safety
products, eye-wash stations, safety training, fire extinguishers, sprinkler systems, and alarm services,
Cintas helps customers get ready for the Workday.
Cintas' Cleanroom business requires highly specialized facilities where garments are cleaned and
processed under controlled conditions. Cintas' Cleanrooms use a highly technical laundering process
with strict standard operating procedures and stringent requirements to meet and maintain ISO 9001
certification. The Cleanroom process removes particulates from specialized employee workwear
required in highly controlled high-tech manufacturing, research, and testing environments. Cintas
Cleanrooms developed contamination control equipment, systems, and technology to meet the
stringent requirements of their customers and deliver quality, value, and service for industries that
require contamination control solutions for their workwear.
The proposed Henderson, NV Cleanroom facility will support high-growth industries located on the West
Coast, including pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, medical device manufacturing, compounding
pharmacies, electronics manufacturing, aerospace and defense, nanotechnology, semiconductor,
automotive and optics.
Cintas Corporation 6800 Cintas Boulevard P.O. Box 625737 Cincinnati, OH 45262-5737 Office 513.459.1200 www.clntas.com
2
33
44
808 W Nye Lane, Carson City, NV 89703
1 State of Nevada Way, 4th Floor, Las Vegas, NV, 89119
775.687.9900
GOED.NV.GOV
Pursuant to NRS 231.069, and upon the request of applicant,C intas
Corporation, the ExecutiveD irector of the Officeh as determinedt he:
(i) The detaileds chedule of CapitaEl quipment List, 5(A)
(ii) The detaileds chedule of EmploymenLt ist, 5(B)
are confidential proprietaryin formation of the business,a re not public
records, and shall be redactedi n its entirety from the copy of the application
that is disclosedt o the public.
Governor Joe Lombardo
Executive Director Thomas J. Burns
5
Company is an / a: (check one)
Standard Tax Abatement Incentive Application New location in Nevada
Company Name: Cintas Corporation Expansion of a Nevada company
Date of Application: June 26, 2025
Section 1 - Type of Incentives
Please check all that the company is applying for on this application:
Sales & Use Tax Abatement
Modified Business Tax Abatement Recycling Real Property Tax Abatement
Personal Property Tax Abatement Other:
Section 2 - Corporate Information
COMPANY NAME (Legal name under which business will be transacted in Nevada) FEDERAL TAX ID #
Cintas Corporation 31-1188630
CORPORATE ADDRESS CITY / TOWN STATE / PROVINCE ZIP
6800 Cintas Blvd. Cincinnati Ohio 45262
MAILING ADDRESS TO RECEIVE DOCUMENTS (If different from above) CITY / TOWN STATE / PROVINCE ZIP
6800 Cintas Blvd., P.O. Box 625737 Cincinnati Ohio 45262
TELEPHONE NUMBER WEBSITE
513-459-1200
COMPANY CONTACT NAME COMPANY CONTACT TITLE
www.cintas.com
Sowmya Aggarwal Vice President - Taxation
E-MAIL ADDRESS PREFERRED PHONE NUMBER
513-459-1200
Has your company ever applied and been approved for incentives available by the Governor's Office of Economic Development? Yes No
aggarwals@cintas.com
If Yes, list the program awarded, date of approval, and status of the accounts (attach separate sheet if necessary):
Section 3 - Program Requirements
Please check two of the boxes below; the company must meet at least two of the three program requirements:
A capital investment of $1,000,000 in eligible equipment in urban areas or $250,000 in eligible equipment in rural areas are required. This criteria is
businesses. In cases of expanding businesses, the capital investment must equal at least 20% of the value of the tangible property owned by the
business.
New businesses locating in urban areas require fifty (50) or more permanent, full-time employees on its payroll by the eighth calendar quarter
quarter in which the abatement becomes effective. In rural areas, the requirement is ten (10) or more. For an expansion, the business must increase
employees on its payroll by 10% more than its existing employees prior to expansion, or by 25 (urban) or 6 (rural) employees, whichever is
greater.
In both urban and rural areas, the average hourly wage that will be paid by the business to its new employees is at least 100% of the average
statewide hourly wage.
Note: Criteria is different depending on whether the business is in a county where the population is 100,000 or more or a city where the population is 60,000 or more
“urban” area), or if the business is in a county where the population is less than 100,000 or a city where the population is less than 60,000 (i.e., “rural” area).
Section 4 - Nevada Facility
Type of Facility:
Headquarters Service Provider
Technology Distribution / Fulfillment
Back Office Operations Manufacturing
Research & Development / Intellectual Property Other: Industrial Laundry Cleanroom
PERCENTAGE OF REVENUE GENERATED BY THE NEW JOBS
EXPECTED DATE OF NEW / EXPANDED OPERATIONS (MONTH / YEAR)
CONTAINED IN THIS APPLICATION FROM OUTSIDE NEVADA
90% Jun-2026
NAICS CODE / SIC INDUSTRY TYPE
812332 Industrial Launderers
DESCRIPTION OF COMPANY'S NEVADA OPERATIONS
Cintas will potentially establish state-of-the-art industrial laundry cleanroom facility, the first such facility for Cintas' Cleanroom business on the west coast.
PROPOSED / ACTUAL NEVADA FACILITY ADDRESS CITY / TOWN COUNTY ZIP
730 N. Valle Verde Dr. Henderson Clark County 89014
WHAT OTHER STATES / REGIONS / CITIES ARE BEING CONSIDERED FOR YOUR COMPANY'S RELOCATION / EXPANSION / STARTUP?
Oregon, Texas
6
Section 5 - Complete Forms (see additional tabs at the bottom of this sheet for each form listed below)
Check the applicable box when form has been completed.
5 (A) Equipment List
5 (B) Employment Schedule
5 (C) Evaluation of Health Plan, with supporting documents to show the employer paid portion of plan meets the minimum of 65%.
5 (D) Company Information Form
Section 6 - Real Estate & Construction (Fill in either New Operations/Startup or Expansion, not both.)
New Operations / Start Up - Plans Over the Next Ten Years Expansions - Plans Over the Next 10 Years
Part 1. Are you currently/planning on Part 1. Are you currently leasing space in Nevada?
leasing space in Nevada? Yes If No, skip to Part 2. If Yes, continue below:
If No, skip to Part 2. If Yes, continue below: What year(s)?
What year(s)? TBD How much space (sq. ft.)?
How much space (sq. ft.)? 35,015 Annual lease cost at current space:
Annual lease cost of space: TBD Due to expansion, will you lease additional space?
Do you plan on making building tenant improvements? Yes If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes, continue below:
If No, skip to Part 2. If Yes*, continue below: Expanding at the current facility or a new facility?
When to make improvements (month, year)? Aug-2025 What year(s)?
How much expanded space (sq. ft.)?
Part 2. Are you currently/planning on Annual lease cost of expanded space:
buying an owner occupied facility in Nevada? Do you plan on making building tenant improvements?
If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes*, continue below: If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes*, continue below:
Purchase date, if buying (month, year): When to make improvements (month, year)?
How much space (sq. ft.)?
Do you plan on making building improvements? Part 2. Are you currently operating at an
If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes*, continue below: owner occupied building in Nevada?
When to make improvements (month, year)? If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes, continue below:
How much space (sq. ft.)?
Part 3. Are you currently/planning on Current assessed value of real property?
building a build-to-suit facility in Nevada? Due to expansion, will you be making building improvements?
If Yes*, continue below: If No, skip to Part 3. If Yes*, continue below:
When to break ground, if building (month, year)? When to make improvements (month, year)?
Estimated completion date, if building (month, year):
How much space (sq. ft.)? Part 3. Do you plan on building or buying a
new facility in Nevada?
If Yes*, continue below:
Purchase date, if buying (month, year):
When to break ground, if building (month, year)?
Estimated completion date, if building (month, year):
How much space (sq. ft.)?
* Please complete Section 7 - Capital Investment for New Operations / Startup. * Please complete Section 7 - Capital Investment for Expansions below.
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF CONSTRUCTION PROJECT AND ITS PROJECTED IMPACT ON THE LOCAL ECONOMY (Attach a separate sheet if necessary):
To establish the state-of-the-art Cleanroom facility, Cintas' Cleanroom business will retrofit a corporately owned site located at 730 N. Valle Verde Dr. in
Henderson. The scope of the real property improvements to be undertaken by the Cleanroom business include, but are not limited to: renovation of offices
and restrooms, upgrading existing process piping, HVAC, and electrical installations, expansion & replacement of the parking lot, addition of dock doors,
painting and landscaping. Process design improvements to facilitate Cintas Cleanroom operations include, but are not limited to: equipment monitoring
systems, steam heated dryers, water detection systems, additional conveyer systems, automated climate and pressure controls between production and
cleanroom space, and audible and visual alarms for equipment.
7
Section 7 - Capital Investment (Fill in either New Operations/Startup or Expansion, not both.)
New Operations / Start Up Expansions
How much capital investment is planned? (Breakout below): How much capital investment is planned? (Breakout below):
Building Purchase (if buying): Building Purchase (if buying):
Building Costs (if building / making improvements): $9,500,000 Building Costs (if building / making improvements):
Land: Land:
Equipment Cost: $8,410,037 Equipment Cost:
Total: $17,910,037 Total:
Is the equipment purchase for replacement
of existing equipment?
Current assessed value of personal property in NV:
(Must attach the most recent assessment from the County Assessor's Office.)
Section 8 - Employment (Fill in either New Operations/Startup or Expansion, not both.)
New Operations / Start Up Expansions
How many full-time equivalent (FTE*) employees will be created by the How many full-time equivalent (FTE*) employees will be created by the
end of the first eighth quarter of new operations?: 22 end of the first eighth quarter of expanded operations?:
Average hourly wage of these new employees: $33.63 Average hourly wage of these new employees:
How many FTE employees prior to expansion?:
Average hourly wage of these existing employees:
Total number of employees after expansion:
* FTE represents a permanent employee who works an average of 30 hours per week or more, is eligible for health care coverage, and whose position is a "primary job" as
set forth in NAC 360.474.
OTHER COMPENSATION (Check all that apply):
Overtime Merit increases Tuition assistance Bonus
PTO / Sick / Vacation COLA adjustments Retirement Plan / Profit Sharing / 401(k) Other:
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION PROGRAMS AND ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS (Attach a separate sheet if necessary):
Section 9 - Employee Health Insurance Benefit Program
Is health insurance for employees and is an option for dependents offered?: Yes (attach health plan and quote or invoice) No
Package includes (check all that apply):
Medical Vision Dental Other:
Qualified after (check one):
Upon employment Three months after hire date Six months after hire date Other:
Health Insurance Costs: Percentage of health insurance premium by (min 65%):
Plan Type: Basic PPO
Employer Contribution (annual premium per employee): $5,072.40 Company: 71.3%
Employee Contribution (annual premium per employee) $2,043.60 Employee: 28.7%
Total Annual Premium: $7,116.00
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
8
9
Site Selection Factors
Company Name: Cintas Corporation County: Clark
Section 1 - Site Selection Ratings
Directions: Please rate the select factors by importance to the company's business (1 = very low; 5 = very high). Attach this form to the Incentives
Application.
Availability of qualified workforce: 5 Transportation infrastructure: 5
Labor costs: 5 Transportation costs: 4
Real estate availability: 3 State and local tax structure: 4
Real estate costs: 3 State and local incentives: 5
Utility infrastructure: 4 Business permitting & regulatory structure: 2
Utility costs: 4 Access to higher education resources: 2
Please summarize the importance of the abatement program to your decision (please include at least a paragraph summary):
If Nevada is chosen, this project would create a specialty cleanroom facility for Cintas at a corporately owned
property in Henderson, NV. The project would convert the existing building into a state-of-the-art Cleanroom
facility and would become one of only six such facilities within Cintas North America. The facility would
clean garmets for pharmaceutical and other high tech companies. In order to implement the project the
Company would make an approximate $16M in building and equipment, creating 22 new jobs with an average
wage of $33.63/hr.
The specialty nature of the facility and the significant capital investment required to implement the project
warrants a detailed evaluation by the Cintas team to determine which location provides the most advantages
based on a number of factors. Return on investment is one of the most significant factors, and therefore, the
value from the property tax abatement program has become a very important component of the Company's
location decision process.
12
Equipment Schedule, Detailed
The Office has determined the detailed equipment schedule as
described in this application constitutes confidential
proprietary information of Cintas Corporation, and is not a
public record.
13
Employment Schedule, Detailed
The Office has determined the detailed equipment schedule as
described in this application constitutes confidential
proprietary information of Cintas Corporation, and is not a
public record.
14
5(C) Evaluation of Health Plans Offered by Companies
Company Name: Cintas Corporation County: Clark County
Total Number of Full-Time Employees: 22
Average Hourly Wage per Employee $33.63
Average Annual Wage per Employee (implied) $69,950.40
COST OF HELATH INSURANCE
Annual Health Insurance Premium Cost: $0.00 *See attached
Percentage of Premium Covered by:
Company Estimated 80%
Employee Estimated 20%
HEALTH INSURANCE PLANS:
Base Health Insurance Plan*: Basic PPO
Deductible - per employee $ 7 00
Coinsurance See Attached
Out-of-Pocket Maximum per employee $ 3 ,400
Additional Health Insurance Plan*: Core Choice
Deductible - per employee $ 1 ,650
Coinsurance See Attached
Out-of-Pocket Maximum per employee $ 2 ,400
Additional Health Insurance Plan*: Core Value
Deductible - per employee $ 3 ,250
Coinsurance See Attached
Out-of-Pocket Maximum per employee $ 3 ,250
*Note: Please list only "In Network" for deducatble and out of the pocket amounts .
Generalized Criteria for Essential Health Benefits (EHB)
[following requirements outlined in the Affordable Care Act and US Code, including 42 USC Section 18022]
Covered employee's premium not to exceed 9.5% of annual wage #VALUE! MEC
Annual Out-of-Pocket Maximum not to exceed $9,450 (2024) $3,400 MEC
Minimum essential health benefits covered (Company offers PPO):
(A) Ambulatory patient services
(B) Emergency services
(C) Hospitalization
(D) Maternity and newborn care
(E) Mental health/substance use disorder/behavioral health treatment
(F) Prescription drugs
(G) Rehabilitative and habilitative services and devices
(H) Laboratory services
(I) Preventive and wellness services and chronic disease management
(J) Pediatric services, including oral and vision care
No Annual Limits on Essential Health Benefits
I, the undersigned, hereby declare to the Governor's Office of Economic Development that the facts herein stated
are true, and that I have attached a qualified plan with information highlighting where our plan reflects meeting the
65% minimum threshold for the employee paid portion of the plan for GOED to independently confirm the same.
Jennifer Mueller
Name of person authorized for signature Signature
VP, Human Resources 6/26/25
Title Date
5(D) Paid Family and Medical Leave (PFML)
Company Name: Cintas Corporation County: Clark County
After October 1, 2023, if the business will have at least 50 full-time employees on the payroll of the business by the
eighth calendar quarter following the calendar quarter in which the abatement becomes effective the business, by
the earlier of the eighth calendar quarter following the calendar quarter in which the abatement becomes effective
or the date on which the business has at least 50 full-time employees on the payroll of the business, has a policy
for paid family and medical leave and agrees that all employees who have been employed by the business for at
least 1 year will be eligible for at least 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave at a rate of at least 55 percent of
the regular wage of the employee.
I, the undersigned, hereby declare to the Governor's Office of Economic Development that the facts herein stated
are true, and that the Applicant will meet this threshold for PFML.
Jennifer Mueller
Name of person authorized for signature Signature
VP, Human Resources June 27, 2025
Title Date
17
5(E) Company Information
Company Name: Cintas Corporation County: Clark
Section 1 - Company Interest List
Directions:Pleaseprovideadetailedlistofownersand/ormembersofthecompany.TheGovernor’sOfficeofEconomicDevelopment
strives to maintain the highest standards of integrity, and it is vital that the public be confident of our commitment. Accordingly, any
conflict or appearance of a conflict must be avoided. To maintain our integrity and credibility, the applicant is required to provide a
detailed list of owners, members, equity holders and Board members of the company.
(a) ( b)
Name Title
Scott D. Farmer Executive Chairman
Joseph Scaminace Lead Director
Melanie W. Barstad Director
Beverly K. Carmichael Director
Jared S. Mattingley Director
Karen L. Carnahan Director
Robert E. Coletti Director
Martin Mucci Director
Todd M. Schneider Director
Ronald W. Tysoe Director
Section 2 - Company Affiliates and/or Subsidiaries
Are there any subsidiary or affiliate companies sharing tax liability with the applicant company? No Yes
If Yes, continue below:
Directions: In order to include affiliates/subsidiaries, under the exemption letter, they must to be added to the Contract. Per standard
practice GOED requires a corporate schematic to understand the exact relationships between the companies. Please populate the below
table to show the exact relationships between the companies and include:
1. The names as they would read on the tax exemption letter.
2. Which entity(ies) will do the hiring?
3. Which entity(ies) will be purchasing the equipment?
Name of Subsidiary or Affiliate Entity, Role and Legal Control Relationship
Cintas Corporation No. 2 - is highly likely to be the entity that both hires employees and purchases the equipment.
Cintas Corporation No. 3 - may be involved in the hiring and purchase of equipment for Cintas Corporation.
Please include any additional details below:
Narrative: Cintas Corporation No. 2 and Cintas Corporation No. 3 are affiliated entities and wholly owned subsidiaries of Cintas
Corporation with the same management control. Cintas Corporation No. 2 will be involved in the hiring and the purchase of
equipment for Cintas Corporation. Cintas Corporation No. 3 may be involved in the hiring and purchase of equipment for Cintas
Corporation.
18
Abatement Application Addendum (for internal use / information)
Company Name: Cintas Corporation County:Clark
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
GOED is very interested in learning about a company's current CSR / Community Engagement Activities. Does the company
have any current programs, or future plans in its Nevadan location, that it would like to list? If so please do so below in the
space below. Feel free to add space if required:
See attached Cintas FY24 Community Impact Report as well as details on Cintas' significant efforts in this space provided via the following links:
https://www.cintas.com/community-impact/
https://www.cintas.com/newsroom/programs-initiatives/
Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion
Would the company like to highlight any policies / practices for equity, diversity, and inclusion? Feel free to add space if required:
Cintas has championed diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) initiatives for more than 20 years. Cintas' efforts in this space have resulted in recognition as one of
America's Greatest Workplaces for Diversity in 2024 by Newsweek. Press Release and additional details can be found via the following links:
https://www.cintas.com/newsroom/details/news/2024/04/02/cintas-is-recognized-as-one-of-newsweek-s-america-s-greatest-
workplaces-for-diversity-2024/
https://www.cintas.com/newsroom/programs-initiatives/
19
Abatement Application Addendum (for internal use / information)
Company Name: Cintas Corporation County:Clark
Education Partnerships
Does the company have existing partnerships to recruit or advance workforce development (e.g. workforce boards,
community based organizations and education providers)? Additionally, would the company have any anticipated needs,
for this project, where GOED / RDAs can provide support? Feel free to add space if required:
Supply Chain
Does the company anticipate purchasing equipment, as noted in the Capital Equipment List, from or through Nevada-
based businesses? Does the company wish to submit any notes / highlights re. this? Feel free to add space if required:
TBD
20
July 28, 2025
Mr. Thomas Burns
Executive Director
Nevada Governor's Office of Economic Development
555 E. Washington Avenue, Suite 5400
Las Vegas, NV 89101
Dear Mr. Burns
Healthcare Coverage Letter of Intent
If Cintas Corporation (the company) makes a final decision to locate in the State of Nevada the company
understands that a requirement for the tax abatements provided by the Governor's Office of Economic
development is the offering of 65% of the health care premium coverage for the eligible employees of the
company as per NRS 360.750:
The business will, by the eighth calendar quarter following the calendar quarter in which the abatement
becomes effective, offer a health insurance plan for all employees that includes an option for health
insurance coverage for dependents of the employees, and the health care benefits the business offers to its
employees in this State will meet the *minimum requirements* for health care benefits established by the
Office
* the Company agrees to pay at least sixty-five percent (65%) of the premium cost for the employee or the
abatements may be reduced or eliminated at GOED’s discretion.
Sincerely,
Jennifer Mueller
VP of Human Resources
Cintas Corporation
Cintas
Corporation
“Project Ready”
June 2025
21
Confidential: Not for Distribution
Table of Contents
Page(s) Content
3 - 6 Company Overview
7 - 8 Project Overview
9 Capital Investment Profile
10 Employment Profile
11 Request for Support
22
Confidential: Not for Distribution
Company Overview
• Headquartered in Cincinnati, OH
• Publicly held Fortune 500 Company traded over the Nasdaq
under the symbol CTAS
• More than $9.6 billion in annual revenue
• Currently serving more than 1 million customers in the U.S.
and Canada
• Approximately 46,500 employee-partners
• More than 11,700 routes distributing products and services
• Product and service offerings include uniforms, mats, mops,
towels, restroom supplies, workplace water services, first aid
and safety products, eye-wash stations, safety training, fire
extinguishers, and sprinkler system and alarm service
• Industries served include gaming, hospitality, healthcare,
food service, automotive, government, education,
pharmaceutical, and manufacturing
• Company is investing significantly in its Cleanroom business
which requires highly specialized facilities and operating
procedures to meet and maintain ISO9001 certification.
Confidential: Not for Distribution 23
24
Confidential: Not for Distribution
Continued commitment to
achieving excellence
Winning awards isn’t what drives us at Cintas, because our focus has
always been on providing excellent products and services. But we’re
certainly honored every time we’re recognized for that excellence –
from Forbes naming us as one of America’s Most Trustworthy
Companies, to Fortune magazine including us in their Most Admired
Companies list for many years.
FORTUNE magazine "America's Most Diversity Plus magazine
Admired Companies" named Cintas in
Top 30 Champions
of Diversity
Best Employer’s for New Grads by
Forbes
"America's Most Trustworthy Recognized as one of
Companies" by Forbes magazine the 20 companies
Wall Street Can Trust
the Most by 24/7
Best Employer’s for Diversity by
Wall Street
Forbes
Ranked among the Best Service
Cintas is proud to be a
Companies to Sell For by Selling
Fortune 500 company
Power magazine
Recipient of Marriott More than 100 Cintas locations
International Supplier have received OSHA's VPP Star
Sustainability Award Recognition for Workplace Safety
25
Confidential: Not for Distribution
Cintas ESG Story
26
Confidential: Not for Distribution Confidential
Project Overview
• Cintas First Aid & Safety, Uniform Services, and Facility Services businesses
currently operate in Nevada serving local markets.
• Cintas’ Cleanroom business does not have a dedicated facility in either Nevada or
the western United States.
• Cintas is evaluating renovating and upgrading an existing corporately owned facility
located at 730 N. Valle Verde Dr. in Henderson, NV for the purpose of establishing
the first west coast facility for the company’s Cleanroom business.
Existing Site
• Cintas’ Cleanroom business requires highly specialized facilities and operating
procedures to meet and maintain ISO 9001 certification.
• The Cleanroom process removes particulates from specialized employee workwear
required in highly controlled high-tech manufacturing, research, and testing
environments.
• The potential facility would support high-growth industries and markets
throughout the western United States, with more than 50% of the facility’s
revenue coming from outside Nevada.
27
Confidential: Not for Distribution Confidential: Not for Distribution
New Site Plan
Project Overview Continued
Potential Cleanroom Layout
• 730 N. Valle Verde Drive was constructed by Cintas in 1996 and will
require significant renovations and upgrades to meet requirements of
the Cleanroom business.
• Building improvements include, but are not limited to:
• Expansion and replacement of parking lot
• Addition of dock doors
• Renovation of current in-plant offices and restrooms
• Upgrade process piping, HVAC, and electrical installations
• Design improvements include, but are not limited to:
• Water detection alert system
• Equipment monitoring system infrastructure
• Automated climate and pressure controls between production
and cleanroom space
• Audible and visual alarms for equipment
• Conveyor systems
• Steam heated dryers
• In total, the project will require an estimated $16M investment
Confidential: Not for Distribution 28
Capital Investment Profile
Capital Expenditures & Proposed Timing
Category Total Investment Estimated Timing
Construction Start: August 2025
Building Renovations $9,000,000
Construction Complete: April 2026
Cleanroom validation: May 2026
Equipment $6,500,000
Cleanroom certification: June 2026
Contingency $500,000
Total $16,000,000
Confidential: Not for Distribution 29
Employment Profile
Job Creation Schedule (All Jobs to be Created by 12/31/2026)
Job Category
Number of Jobs Average Base Hourly Wage
Management $82/hr.
1
Sales Managers $53/hr.
2
Plant Operations $42/hr.
2
Maintenance $33/hr.
2
Production $32/hr.
3
Customer Service $28/hr.
2
Sales Representatives $25/hr.
9
Delivery Services $28/hr.
1
Total $33.63/hr.
22
Confidential: Not for Distribution 30
Request for Support
To complete the internal evaluation of the project, Cintas would like to formally request approval of its
Standard Abatement Application.
This project represents a significant potential investment by the Cintas’ Cleanroom business, and return on
investment (ROI) is a critical factor in the investment decision making process and long-term success of the
facility.
The potential benefits of the Standard Abatement would have a materially positive impact on the ROI of
the project.
Sincerely,
The Cintas “Project Ready” Team
31
Confidential: Not for Distribution
AboutDeloitte
Deloitte refers to one or more of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, a UK private company limited by guarantee (“DTTL”), its
network of member firms, and their related entities. DTTL and each of its member firms are legally separate and independent
entities. DTTL (also referred to as “Deloitte Global”) does not provide services to clients.Please see www.deloitte.com/about to
learn more about our global network of member firms.
Deloitte provides audit, consulting, financial advisory, risk advisory, tax and related services to public and private clients
spanning multiple industries. Deloitte serves four out of five Fortune Global 500® companies through a globally connected
network of member firms in more than 150 countries and territories bringing world-class capabilities, insights, and high-quality
service to address clients’ most complex business challenges. To learn more about how Deloitte’s approximately 245,000
professionals make an impact that matters, please connect with us on Facebook, LinkedIn, or Twitter.
This communication contains general information only, and none of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, its member firms, or
their related entities (collectively, the “Deloitte Network”) is, by means of this communication, rendering professional advice or
services. Before making any decision or taking any action that may affect your finances or your business, you should consult a
qualified professional adviser. No entity in the Deloitte Network shall be responsible for any loss whatsoever sustained by any
person who relies on this communication.
32
Copyright © 2025 Deloitte Development LLC. All rights reserved.